63 GIRI - MONTHLY MIX. OUR INTERNAL KNOWLEDGE SHARING EVENT

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

63 giri - Monthly Mix. Our internal knowledge sharing event

In order to facilitate the sharing of information and to be always up to date
with the projects that are carried out in MAIZE, we have developed "63 giri -
Monthly Mix", an internal and informal monthly event dedicated to the sharing of
a selection of projects and the most important key learnings. 

The "63 giri - Monthly Mix" does not aim to deepen methodologies, flows or
processes (for this reason we have created a specific format) but rather to give
a shared overview of all the projects in progress and of the skills of the team
members and to transfer useful learnings to everyone.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

63 giri - Monthly Mix. Our internal knowledge sharing event

Improve the way internal knowledge is disseminated, giving employees the
opportunity to stay up-to-date on current projects.

Development of a new format for sharing projects and key learnings to the entire
organization through the telling of direct employee experiences.

Organization of one event per month and systematization of more than 130
projects in the form of business cases uploaded in a digital archive.

63 Giri - Monthly Mix is a monthly collection of 4 projects where each team
presents the highlights of their project in 10 minutes, focusing on the key
learnings and the roles and skills of their team colleagues. 

The appointments are held monthly and last 63 minutes. Each event starts with a
cover by the presenter, who gives an overview of the projects that will be
presented, and closes with a Principal, who gives his or her strategic viewpoint
on the topics discussed by the speakers.

Each employee can apply independently to become a speaker, it is then the
editorial team that evaluates the applications and selects the projects
according to topic affinity or need at that specific time.

The event is held virtually to allow everyone to participate and questions,
collected in the Google Meet tool, are then discussed asynchronously on Slack
once the event is over. 

At the end of each event, speakers are responsible for uploading the project's
business case file into a digital archive, while the editorial team is
responsible for uploading the event recording. Like a precious vinyl, each "63
giri", once in the archive, can be downloaded and re-played at any time by
everyone in the organization.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
