A 3D VIRTUAL EXPERIENCE AND AN AMBASSADOR PROGRAM TO LAUNCH A NEW PRODUCT

STIGA

------------------------------------------------------------

A 3D virtual experience and an ambassador program to launch a new product

Stiga, a leading company in the field of motorized garden maintenance equipment,
asked for our help to launch its latest robotic lawnmower STIG in its European
sales network. To engage, educate, and test their opinion, we launched a B2B
campaign and created a "phygital" experience, putting together both digital and
physical elements. The countries involved have chosen some "ambassador" figures
within their sales network, which had the opportunity to get a preview of the
new product through an immersive online experience in 3D followed by a physical
test of the robot. After that, they reported their feedback to Stiga.

STIGA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

A 3D virtual experience and an ambassador program to launch a new product

Create an innovative product launch experience to engage, educate, and test the
opinion of the European sales force, in order to gather useful feedback for
product development.

A "phygital" experience consisting of a dedicated website to discover the new
robot’s features, followed by the chance to test the new product in physical
form.

13 animated renders, 146 ambassadors, and 36 surveys collecting feedback from an
audience of experts. A positive experience that will be repeated for the next
product launches.

Stiga, a leading company in the field of motorized garden maintenance equipment,
asked for our help for the launch of its latest robotic lawnmower STIG in its
European sales network.

To meet the needs of the customer we involved them in a workshop, during which
we identified the most suitable launch strategy for their needs, eventually
designing a "phygital" experience that mixes digital and real elements.

The 13 European countries involved in this phase chose a series of expert
“ambassadors” within their sales network. The chosen figures were invited to
access an exclusive website, specifically created to illustrate the
characteristics of STIG.

Thanks to the storytelling flow, 3D technology, and animated content, these
users had the opportunity to view the product from every angle, discovering in
detail its functionality and innovative aspects.

After that, ambassadors were given a prototype of the robot to test, and for
three consecutive weeks, they also received a newsletter containing tips and
tricks and a survey. Thanks to the obtained results, Stiga had the opportunity
to improve the prototype before mass production. Through the project, the
company also had the opportunity to experiment with a new form of "ambassador
program".

STIGA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
