A BOTTOM-UP DESIGN PROCESS FOR DIGITAL TOOLS

------------------------------------------------------------

A bottom-up design process for digital tools

A shoes, clothing and accessories multinational corporation wants to create a
strong community of designers, that enables them to collaborate and
share materials, ideas, and inspiration globally through a digital environment
specifically tailored to their habits and needs.

We involved designers all along the way, to empower them and make them feel part
of a larger community.

Through a structured approach, we collected needs, issues, and points of view
from the community, giving designers' ideas a voice and a chance to be
developed.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

A bottom-up design process for digital tools

Investigate ideas and needs from the designers' community to boost their
collaboration globally, turning insights into actionable concepts.

A process that uses different tools and methodologies, structured in 4 phases:
idea generation with users, screening survey to vote ideas, idea selection, and
concept validation through prototyping.

During a three-year period, we got in touch with more than 200 designers,
interviewing more than 60. We designed, developed, and tested more than 15
digital solutions.

To help the designers community, we created a bottom-up design process for
digital tools centred on users, their habits, and how they interact.

The decision to involve the designers from the beginning proved to be an
essential part of the decision-making process, raising their awareness and
valuing their opinions.

The project phases were structured as follows:

IDEA GENERATION: A series of interviews and conversations with the members of
the community to discover needs and aspirations, translate them into areas of
opportunity, and guide designers in generating new concepts.

SCREENING SURVEY: A survey that asks a wider audience of designers to prioritise
and vote their favourite new concepts and ideas.

IDEA SELECTION: Decision makers, including community representatives, select 3
ideas from the top rated ones to develop into digital proofs of concept.

CONCEPT VALIDATION: Developed POCs are tested by a group of designers. The
results guide the team in defining whether to develop and launch an MVP or not,
limiting the investment by the company.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
