A CLUSTER ANALYSIS TO DISCOVER BUSINESS CHALLENGE BEHIND TICKETS

------------------------------------------------------------

A cluster analysis to discover business challenge behind tickets

A well-known fast-food company asked for our help to find insights and business
challenges behind their tickets. In fact, they used to analyze ticket data in
descriptive aggregated ways, to segment their restaurants and analyze the
performance of their product lines or commercial campaigns, lacking a more
transversal view on how to read customer behaviors and trends across time and
geography.

Hidden behind that amount of data and tickets, there was a huge unknown value
for the company still untackled because of their analysis methods.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

A cluster analysis to discover business challenge behind tickets

To gain a deeper understanding of their customer base, their consumption
behavior in order to design product and marketing strategies.

A cluster analysis on all 2019 and 2020 client's transactions and Loyalty
Program data, to look at their customer base from a different angle, challenging
common beliefs.

The cluster analysis highlighted how some beliefs about customer behavior were
groundless and demonstrated new behavioral patterns that we translated into
actionable insights for the business.

In the first problem Framing phase, we interviewed several key stakeholders to
have an understanding of the fundamental business logic and to collect their
pain points, desires, and main questions.

In the following co-design workshop, we identified a set of clear Business
Challenges, well-defined questions to focus on during the analysis phase. We
worked with an agile sprint method, gathering data scientists, business and
service designers, and domain experts, working as one team for 10 weeks, on a
database encompassing all 2019 and 2020 transactions, mixed with POS data and
Loyalty Program data. We have approached the dataset complexity in a smart way,
defining some synthetic indicators describing interesting business phenomena and
using them as clustering variables.

The analysis showed 9 behavioral clusters, highlighting, among other crucial
insights, that about 70% of Loyalty Customers showed more than one behavior,
challenging the dichotomy between high spenders and low spenders on which the
client used to rely until then.

Based on the results, we designed a roadmap of actions and experiments to deploy
on the market regarding the offering, marketing strategies, and distribution
channels.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
