A COLLABORATION PLATFORM TO SPREAD AN INNOVATIVE MINDSET

ALLIANZ

------------------------------------------------------------

A collaboration platform to spread an innovative mindset

Allianz Group is one of the world's leading integrated financial services
providers. Allianz's Italian branch asked for our help to spread an innovative
mindset among employees.

We designed and developed the concept Caffè delle Idee, a dedicated digital
space and web platform where employees could propose ideas to boost the digital
transformation process, fostering each others' ideas, and collecting badges to
climb up the innovation leaderboard.

ALLIANZ

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------

A collaboration platform to spread an innovative mindset

To involve more than 2000 employees by engaging them through a digital
collaborative space to share innovative ideas and spread a new mindset.

An engaging and gamified platform that enables employees to share their ideas or
contribute to enrich other users' concepts about how to face digital
transformation challenges.

+1.200 active users, +1.500 published ideas, +50 developed ideas. The most
promising concepts were officially awarded by the CEO during an annual
conference.

Caffè delle Idee was a digital space based on the paradigms of Allianz Digital
Agency, a format designed by Allianz to stimulate the digitization of agencies
and transformation processes within the company, encouraging employees to share
their points of view within a digital space. The platform enabled an idea
generation contest, run twice a year: employees were asked to contribute to the
digital transformation challenge of the company by generating new innovative
concepts.

The most successful features of the program were: Voluntary participation: no
one was forced to join the discussion, but after the first months almost a third
of employees were already on-board.﻿ Gamification: by interacting with the
community, users collected points, aiming to unlock personal badges, and
climbing the leaderboard. Rewards: the company was committed, and management
rewarded the most promising ideas by allocating a budget to develop them and
officially awarding these funds to employees during the annual conference.
Moderation: workflows to manage the idea publication cycle were enabled to
ensure a safe program environment

We also supported the newly formed Community Management team to unlock the full
potential of the platform, by evolving its features given community feedback,
implementing a dashboard with reporting and analytics tools, and supporting them
during the most crucial moments of the contest.

ALLIANZ

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------
