A DASHBOARD FOR TRAFFIC KPIS

------------------------------------------------------------

A dashboard for traffic KPIs

An important Italian holding company operating in the infrastructure sector
across three continents asked for our help to automate its time-consuming and
error-prone procedure of traffic KPI reporting – an activity that was previously
carried out manually – to calculate data and send it to internal stakeholders
and the global stock market.

To meet the needs of the customer we created an interactive dashboard that
allows users to explore and analyze these KPIs, relying on the holding company’s
new data lake. ﻿In doing so, we also laid the foundations to unlock additional
data applications and maximize the value of collected data.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Transportation and Mobility • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

A dashboard for traffic KPIs

Automate the entire process of weekly traffic monitoring (in more than 50
different highways and 3 airports) through an interactive dashboard.

A co-design workshop followed by an agile development sprint to create the
optimal MVP. The deliverable is an interactive dashboard, with related ETL
procedures and documentation.

Reduction of effort from 24 hours of long, error-prone manual operations on
spreadsheets to 2-3 hours of interactive navigation. Now the user simply
validates the results, doesn't calculate them.

A major Italian holding company operating in the infrastructure sector asked for
our help to automate its reporting procedure of traffic KPIs related to its
concessions. The traffic monitoring activity of more than 50 motorways on three
continents and 3 European airports used to be carried out manually, requiring 3
days of work of an experienced analyst every week.

The client asked us to enhance its new data lake: a single access point for all
traffic data, which initially came from 14 distinct companies.

To meet its needs, we created an automatic, interactive dashboard capable of
measuring different traffic KPIs. Our solution has allowed us to drastically
reduce the margin of error of the manual procedure, the time required to
complete it, and the reliance on the few analysts who possess the know-how to
carry it out. The dashboard also laid the foundations for developing new data-
driven applications and maximizing the value of the collected data. 

We have achieved these results through the Agile methodology, intensive
coworking with the client, and our data-aware approach: maximum attention has
been paid to data processing and the analysis necessary to calculate the
fundamental KPIs.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Transportation and Mobility • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
