A DESIGN THINKING MASTERCLASS FOR EMPLOYEES TO BECOME DT AMBASSADORS

GENERALI

------------------------------------------------------------

A Design Thinking Masterclass for employees to become DT Ambassadors

Since 2015, Generali has launched a series of initiatives aimed at developing a
new mindset and new ways of collaborating among its employees.

Among the activities implemented to achieve this cultural change, we supported
Generali in designing several masterclass sessions on Design Thinking to train
more than sixty "Design Thinking Ambassadors".

The masterclass, which emphasized the principle of learning by doing, was very
effective to apply the concepts from daily work and create synergy among
different functions within the company.

GENERALI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

A Design Thinking Masterclass for employees to become DT Ambassadors

Give Generali employees the opportunity to learn new design and collaboration
methods to apply within teams and among all employees, establishing a new
company mindset.

A Design Thinking masterclass divided into seven non-consecutive days and
structured as two main moments to approach and apply new methodologies and
tools: Applied Theory; Action brief.

We designed and organized several Masterclasses which elevated over 60 people to
be Design Thinking Ambassadors inside the company who worked on more than ten
business-related briefs.

We designed a 7-day workshop for Generali with the aim of going through design
thinking principles and phases.

Each workshop organized around 16/20 people for different areas and business
units of the Generali Group.

The 2 main moments of the workshop were structured as: 1. Applied Theory –
Introduction of the course: a short meeting of a couple of 2 hours where
participants' Hopes & Fears were shared. Design Thinking Theory: participants
went through the 3 main phases of design thinking by working on briefs not
related to Generali's business to focus just on the methodology.

2. Action Brief – Brief & Research: Generali managers launched 3 business-
related briefs and we provided the tools to deal with the research phase in the
following 2 weeks (interview protocol, research of trends and competitors).
Application of Design Thinking: the materials collected by participants in the
research phase were analyzed and the methodology of design thinking was applied
to new briefs related to the business. Train the Trainer & Final Presentation:
through mentorship, we shared tips and suggestions about how to manage creative
workshops, ice-breaking activities, and brainstorming techniques inside the
company. Finally, the groups presented the work done during the masterclass
through an elevator pitch to company managers.

GENERALI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
