A DIGITAL COMPANION FOR UNICREDIT'S ANNUAL COMPENSATION POLICY

UNICREDIT

------------------------------------------------------------

A digital companion for UniCredit's annual Compensation Policy

UniCredit's investors needed a new way to access the Company's annual
Compensation Policy. Our solution was a web platform called Sidepaths.

We created, in addition to the "traditional" paper version of the policy, a
place where all of the information was available through a customizable tool
that users could adapt to their needs and preferences.

UNICREDIT

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A digital companion for UniCredit's annual Compensation Policy

UniCredit asked us to redefine how investors accessed their annual Compensation
Policy.

In addition to the usual paper version of the Policy, we proposed Sidepaths, a
website that offered different opportunities to browse the same content in a new
and innovative way.

We supported UniCredit both in the layout of the paper Policy and in
the development, design, and content curation of its new digital version.

The Group Compensation Policy is an annual public document that the Bank needs
to provide to its investors. Sidepaths was a digital companion to the paper
Policy. In Sidepaths there was no single way to read its content, but more
alternatives, or "side paths." Sidepaths was accessed directly from UniCredit's
public website.

The homepage was a kind of hub that collected all the access points: The user
could freely explore the Policy starting from the so-called "Main Path" or
follow predetermined alternative paths created according to different themes or
personas. Each topic had its page, and each path was made up of different
topics, chosen for their relevance with a certain thematic angle. Inside each
page, the user could read the content related to the chosen topic and access
several additional features such as new highlights and favorite options. The
"What's New" button allowed users to view only the new features from the
previous Group Compensation Policy. Users could save single pages into the
"Favorites" section and then print their selection. Every page was made up of
different kinds of content: Text, interactive infographics, tables, accordions,
charts, and more ... Separate appendixes and in-depth analyses were also
available.

We supported UniCredit in the graphic layout of the paper document, both in its
Italian and English versions, and its separate attachments.

UNICREDIT

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
