A DIGITAL STRATEGY TO REDESIGN THE FUTURE OF BRAZILIAN EDUCATION

INSTITUTO AYRTON SENNA

------------------------------------------------------------

A digital strategy to redesign the future of Brazilian education

Instituto Ayrton Senna (IAS) is a Brazilian NGO committed to the improvement of
the Brazilian education system for more than 25 years. It assists public schools
in implementing public policies and delivers training programs to their
teachers.

IAS expressed the need to become a first-mover in redesigning the future of
education in Brazil. 

Through a 3-day workshop, we supported IAS to define a new strategy and map
their needs. Then, we scouted and analyzed more than 100 ventures to identify
the ideal idea-sharing platform for connecting students, teachers, schools and
families.

INSTITUTO AYRTON SENNA

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A digital strategy to redesign the future of Brazilian education

Identify the best solutions, startups and ventures dealing with idea-sharing
platforms connecting students, teachers, schools and families and knowledge
platforms assisting teams in their organization

A 3-day workshop to define the strategy; an international venture scouting to
identify the best solutions; a connection phase with selected startups and
IAS to figure out a collaboration framework

More than 100 ventures scouted and analyzed; selection of 5 solutions and
arrangement of meetings involving the client and those startups

We supported IAS to define and implement their new digital strategy focusing on
the connection between families and schools.

The project was structured in four main phases: 

Internal research: execution of in-depth interviews with 10 managers of the
institute in order to map and understand potential organizational bottlenecks
and other pain points.

Co-design workshop: delivery of a 3-day workshop to discuss trends and
opportunities and delve into the Institute's value proposition and its vision
for the future. As a result of the workshop, it was decided to focus on
supporting Brazilian students through an idea-sharing and management platform.

Scouting session: an active scouting activity with the objective to identify the
most interesting platforms worldwide and highlight possible development
scenarios.

Engagement: arrangement of 5 virtual meetings between IAS and the most
interesting ventures selected during the scouting phase. The purpose of this
activity was to understand potential partnership scenarios and identify a shared
collaboration framework.

INSTITUTO AYRTON SENNA

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
