A DIGITAL TOOLKIT FOR ARCHITECTS AND CONSTRUCTORS

------------------------------------------------------------

A digital toolkit for architects and constructors

A global company in the construction sector turned to us to create a new website
to help customers find the architectural solutions that best suit their needs.

We have supported the company in various strategies, such as identifying the
site's target, understanding the market context and user needs and identifying
the types of content to be included on the site.

Thanks to an approach aimed at co-designing with the customer, rapid
prototyping, and direct involvement of end-users, we have come to the creation
of a platform based on the real needs of users.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2020

------------------------------------------------------------

A digital toolkit for architects and constructors

A website with an optimized user experience that helps users find the solution
they need and encourages them to purchase the customer's products.

Research and co-design activities involving the client, accompanied by
interviews with end users. Creation of website prototypes for rapid testing with
users.

A user-friendly website that serves as a unique hub of tools in the domain of
environmentally sustainable building. A strategic touchpoint for the company
that involves all the Group's brands.

We dedicated the first phase of the project to context analysis and desk
research, collecting the best practices in the sector with a strong focus on
user experience. We then interviewed key stakeholders inside the company and a
pool of end-users to build the platform according to their needs. Finally, we
focused on insight analysis, defining the target audience and areas of
intervention for the project.

In the second phase, we dedicated ourselves to the platform's design, with a
user-centric approach. We worked on the content of the website, collected
through a participatory workshop that saw the Project Managers of the different
brands as protagonists. Thanks to prototypes that simulated graphics and
navigation flow, we tested the platform with end customers before proceeding
with the actual development.

In the final phase of website creation (based on the Drupal CMS), we finally
implemented the platform with various automated actions to facilitate the
customer's uploading and updating of content. The final result is a site that
guarantees users an optimal user experience and enables the continuous updating
of content and products by the customer.

MyPlanner has continued to evolve with new sections and features, adapting to
emerging user needs and the company strategy.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2020

------------------------------------------------------------
