A FEASIBILITY STUDY TO IMPLEMENT 3D TECHNOLOGY IN THE PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
PROCESS

------------------------------------------------------------

A feasibility study to implement 3D technology in the product development
process

Loro Piana, the world's leading artisan company in luxury goods, belonging to
the LVMH Group, after designing a new digital product development process, asked
us to perform a 3D implementation feasibility study involving all necessary
stakeholders.

The goal is to build a digital workflow by drawing all micro-processes that need
to be revised at individual stages of product development, as well as analyze
the level of digitization of suppliers.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

A feasibility study to implement 3D technology in the product development
process

Feasibility study on 3D implementation, designing the micro-processes involving
the various stakeholders in the product development chain.

A study that involves all the stakeholders of product development, from
suppliers to internal units.

A plan to implement 3D in Loro Piana, from short to long term.

The feasibility study examined all stages of product development.

Regarding raw materials, the feasibility study involved the analysis of the
brand's primary suppliers, including internal ones. Surveys and interviews were
conducted to measure the extent of 3D digitization and explore the possibility
of integrating it into a digital workflow process.  Additionally, the level of
digitization was evaluated, and potential integration with the internal unit
responsible for producing fabrics and other raw materials was studied.

The feasibility study included the analysis of the main product development case
studies, which included carry-over and new collection processes. For each of
these cases, the micro-processes that could be digitized to create a digital
product were designed. The same approach was applied to the design of the
product and sample review processes.

We also included an economic projection of possible savings from digital (e.g.,
reducing prototypes) and a study of the professional figures to be integrated
into the team. 

The result was a document projecting a detailed 3D implementation strategy,
which highlights entry points with greater opportunity, critical issues, and
long-term challenges.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
