A FRESH START WITH ELEMENTARY: HOW ONBOARDING BECAME AN INVESTIGATION GAME

LUXOTTICA

------------------------------------------------------------

A fresh start with Elementary: how onboarding became an investigation game

Luxottica is a leader in the design, manufacturing, and distribution of fashion,
luxury, and sports eyewear. Its portfolio includes proprietary brands, such as
Ray-Ban, Oakley, Persol, as well as luxury licensed brands.

Luxottica wanted to reinvent white collars' onboarding procedures by
transforming the traditional classroom into a more blended and engaging
experience to better welcome new employees to Agordo's HQ where, back in the
'60s, Leonardo Del Vecchio established Luxottica.

LUXOTTICA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2014

------------------------------------------------------------

A fresh start with Elementary: how onboarding became an investigation game

Map and organize existing content, digitize the most suitable, add a game layer
to the whole experience and make good use of corporate digital devices.

The complete redesign of the onboarding path including an app for iPad with
content released on a daily basis, where newbies could interact with a private
detective running a secret investigation.

More than 250 employees welcomed through the "Elementary" format. The project
started in 2014. In a second phase, the format was used in China.

The project needs were diverse, from content mapping to a storytelling strategy
that drove the experience; all on a platform that we developed. Mapping existing
content - Through co-design workshops, together with HR, we catalogued and
mapped all existing content, presentations, videos, books, and more. Maximizing
time - We carefully selected and rearranged content in thematic streams,
choosing which was ideal for the site, or in-person material in a given moment,
and which was suitable for digitization, to maximize the use of the iPad and
save classroom time. Sheridan needs you - To create a more engaging experience,
without notice, at the first onboarding day at midnight on the iPad, new
employees received a push notification and a video message from Sheridan, a
private detective: "We have an enemy who must be stopped." He is counting on you
and from that day on, will give you tasks and assign you a mission to find
compromised and hacked documents to stop "The Octopus" the great villain of the
story. The game experience lasted one month and in the end, the best players won
a prize which, according to job roles, could be a trip to Oakley's HQ in the USA
or a visit to other plants all over the world. The onboarding experience - A
mixture of traditional lectures, treasure hunts, and e-learning, to accompany
white collars through a fast-paced series of events and a final climax which
made the induction weeks unforgettable.

LUXOTTICA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2014

------------------------------------------------------------
