A FUTURE VISION PATH TO CHANGE A COMPANY'S MINDSET AND INNOVATION CULTURE

------------------------------------------------------------

A future vision path to change a company's mindset and innovation culture

Sparkasse is a medium-sized Italian bank, mainly operating in Northern Italy.
The company was going through a business transformation process, and needed
support to change its mindset, while improving its relationship with sales
teams.

We setup a Future Vision project, including the CEO and C-level executives in
two activities: internal interviews, aiming to define areas of opportunity; and
a co-design workshop, where we inspired them with three talks and success
stories, to help them envision the future of the bank, and generate a set of
solutions.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A future vision path to change a company's mindset and innovation culture

Envision a new company mindset on three key topics: Innovation culture,
organizational models, and relationships with the sales team. Side challenge:
engage top management and bring them on board.

We performed internal and external research to define challenges, then we setup
a workshop to envision a mindset, inspire an audience with three speeches, and
co-design solutions.

High engagement between the CEO and top management, strong alignment with the
company's new mindset, and the definition of a set of solutions to respond to
three key challenges.

The CEO of the company had the ambition to take Sparkasse to the next level in
terms of positioning and a transformational roadmap, but he felt that the
mindset of the company was still anchored to a business-as-usual and old school
model. He asked for our support to help him envision a new company mindset and
values around which to build the bank's transformational path. In particular, we
were asked to work on three key topics: Innovation culture, organizational
models, and relationships with sales teams. We proposed and executed a Future
Vision project split in two main phases. A first, five-week long phase, where we
interviewed 10 top management stakeholders, and explored the market looking for
relevant success stories around the main project's topics. A second phase, with
the CEO and top management for a two-day co-design workshop covering the
following themes:

Inspirational, including a presentation of the market research driven by
workshop topics and three talks (Roberto Mancone, Tomas Barazza, and Riccardo
Donadon).

Brainstorming and exercises, to envision Sparkasse's key values of the future
and group activities to generate solutions according to the challenges.

After the workshop, we delivered a final slide deck with co-generated solutions,
and our take on them.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
