A FUTURE VISION WORKSHOP TO REINTERPRET CONTEMPORANEITY

------------------------------------------------------------

A future vision workshop to reinterpret contemporaneity

Today, people are living in a fast-paced environment, where their needs are
constantly changing. Meanwhile, companies are looking for innovative solutions,
even if studies reveal how consumers fall in love with the why, rather than the
how of what is meaningful to them. 

Our client, an Italia design factory, needed to outline a new strategic
direction that would lead them towards the future without losing their heritage.
They asked us to help them define these guidelines and to reinterpret how they
could stay current.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

A future vision workshop to reinterpret contemporaneity

Better understand new lifestyle scenarios and new generations to give form to a
strategy capable of responding to their needs.

A future vision workshop with a deep inspiring session based on research from
relevant contemporary topics and a range of group activities to develop new
meaning responding to customers' needs.

A research report about new generations' behaviors and lifestyles and
contemporary phenomena, a document that summarized all the workshop activities
that led to the definition of three new meanings.

Our client wanted to repurpose itself, to find the contemporary essence of its
products. They asked us to help them to develop a strategic direction. We
decided not to jump headlong in creating new design thinking solutions, rather,
we focused our attention a step earlier, trying to create value through the
innovation of meaning in three steps:

Pre-workshop: Each workshop participant was asked to do a primary solo activity,
called an Imagination Module, which challenged attendees to make their first
personal hypothesis of new meanings for the brand. Meanwhile, we researched the
topics agreed upon by the client during the kickoff and developed all of the
activities, redesigning them to be completely digitized.

Workshop: On the first day, starting from the mapping of the Imagination
Modules, our client's employees were divided into six "couples" who had to
compare and merge similar hypotheses through criticism to reach a stronger
common meaning. These activities were preceded by an inspiration session. The
second day, after a more involved speech about interesting case studies, the
"couples" were joined into three "radical circles" aimed at defining ultimate
meaning.

Post-Workshop: We summarized all the activities of the workshop into a document
to present the new meanings that emerged and the possible next steps to
implement them.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
