A GLOBAL VR PLATFORM TO RESHAPE EMPLOYEE TRAINING

ENEL

------------------------------------------------------------

A global VR platform to reshape employee training

In the global energy industry, maintenance and repair operations on the grid are
performed by specialized workers, whose effective, and above all, safe training
is vital.

The client needed to rethink the entire training process, making it more
effective, efficient, and measurable, moving away from physical training
centers.

Today, Virtual Training Centers allow better control and training
standardization and offer the flexibility of adapting to countless working
conditions and regional traits.

ENEL

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A global VR platform to reshape employee training

Re-think employee training processes, which in most cases required travelling to
few physical training centers, aiming at better safety, efficiency, and tracking
learnings and progress along the way.

A VR Simulator that enabled workers to test night-time operations, difficult
environmental conditions, and other complex hazardous procedures safely,
transforming the organization’s training approach.

An immersive, efficient, cost-effective solution that standardizes training and
tracks progress. After a great reception in Italy, it was distributed to LATAM
and Romania customizing the experience.

After hardware and logistical requirements were established, the first set of
procedures to be simulated was defined. Visiting the physical locations involved
in each procedure allowed us to design and storyboard each scenario in detail.
Engineering and building both the 3D environments and interactions was the next
step. Close collaboration and validation from the client were key to ensure the
appropriate information was conveyed exactly as intended. Finally, the first
Virtual Training Centers were set up, along with a digital content distribution
system to speed up the download process. The result was an instant way of
accessing a complete catalog of training experiences, each available in
different environmental, climatic, difficulty, and risk levels, in a single,
inexpensive VR setup. VR guaranteed a high level of precision, objectivity, and
detail in the delivery and in the quantitative and qualitative evaluation of the
training. It also made it possible to experience the consequences of an error,
always guaranteeing maximum safety, memorizing actions and procedures with
greater effectiveness. The effectiveness of the learning experience was aided by
providing hints and questions along the way. Procedures implemented for the
client mainly pertained to maintenance operations, eg. replacing faulty grid
components. Activities had to be performed following a strict sequence to
minimize safety hazards. Simultaneous, multi-user operations were also
supported.

ENEL

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
