A GRAPHICAL WAYFINDING PROJECT FOR A GREENERY-IMMERSED CYCLE PATH

------------------------------------------------------------

A graphical wayfinding project for a greenery-immersed cycle path

In the context of enhancing a valley in Northern Italy, the client supported the
construction of a 10km-long cycling and pedestrian path.

As MAIZE, we were tasked with assisting the client in designing the wayfinding
route with dual objectives: on one hand, showcasing the territory and its
distinctive features, and on the other hand, helping visitors navigate
geographically along the path.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

A graphical wayfinding project for a greenery-immersed cycle path

Design the wayfinding route for the cycling and pedestrian path, highlighting
the key features of the territory and supporting visitor navigation along the
route.

Design of a metal structure clad in honeycomb aluminum, where the use of an
aesthetic closely aligned with the client was emphasized, as well as the
incorporation of timeless graphic elements.

Five bilingual artworks for which we handled the content, style, and layout,
also internally taking care of producing all of the illustrations.

The design of the wayfinding route for the cycling and pedestrian path
represents an important moment for the client to tell their story and engage a
specific community.

For this reason, we embarked on this journey by collecting, categorizing, and
selecting the most relevant content sources for the territory, such as aspects
related to biodiversity. The categorization led us to develop five cardinal
thematic areas, which became five bilingual artworks.

From a graphic standpoint, we took care of the layout, typography and production
of all digital illustrations, which were preferred over photorealistic images
for their ability to remain current over time.Furthermore, we curated and
created two motivational playlists designed to accompany visitors along the
route. The playlists can be accessed via QR codes displayed on the artworks.

The artworks have been installed along the route and are now admired by all
visitors traversing the valley.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
