A JOURNEY ACROSS THE COMPANY KNOWLEDGE BASE

------------------------------------------------------------

A journey across the company knowledge base

Our Journey is a digital tool designed to facilitate the onboarding process and
stimulate the discovery and the sense of belonging among Luxottica employees.
The application has been designed to be accessible to anyone within the Company,
drawing on visual imagery and a familiar browsing experience. As in a subway, in
the Luxottica content network, each of the main corporate themes represents a
line of meaning; each content of this line is an ideal stop. The stops in this
network are also hubs between one line of content and another and allow anyone
to build their own journey into Luxottica's world.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

A journey across the company knowledge base

Luxottica needs to digitize the onboarding process, through a solution
accessible to all employees, old and new.

Designing a memorable, personalized onboarding tool, useful to engage newcomers
and every employee all over the world. The solution must be a seamless,
multilevel, digital experience.

The deep dive into company content has involved many many people. The tool has
supported newcomers for years and the development of a sense of belonging in
every plant and store, locally and globally.

Our Journey is both a native iOS App for iPad and iPhone and a web-based
platform designed to facilitate the onboarding process and stimulate the
discovery of corporate content and the sense of belonging among Luxottica
employees. The application has been designed to be accessible to anyone within
the company - in the office or production lines - even in the lack of internet
connection, drawing on visual imagery and a familiar browsing experience. The
concept of the subway has driven the launch campaign development and the
experience design at large. As in the subway, in the Luxottica content network
each of the main corporate themes represents a line of meaning, a path of
knowledge to be undertaken; each content of this line is an ideal stop. In a
context so rich in experiences, stories, and processes, navigation must be
fluid, stimulating and unconstrained. The stops in this network also represent
the junctions between one content line and another and allow everyone to build
and resume their journey at any time. The creation of a an easy-to-use and
useful experience for more than 70.000 persons worldwide requires a huge work of
content prioritization and clustering and a completely user-driven design
approach. A custom CMS allows to manage content visibilities both at a country
and a business level. Our Journey provides employees all over the world with a
seamless experience across internal channels and applications by using a SSO
approach.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
