A MONTHLY INSPIRATIONAL NEWSLETTER FOR THE FERRARI TECHNICAL TEAM

FERRARI

------------------------------------------------------------

A monthly inspirational newsletter for the Ferrari technical team

To capitalize on the latest developments in technology, markets, and new
business, Ferrari needed to understand the innovation ecosystem in a much deeper
way, widening its view of different sources and inspiration. The main objective
was to give the technical department periodic inspirational content.

To kick-off this journey we sourced daily inspiration, finding relevant
information and building insights, and provided Ferrari with a selection of the
most interesting content through a monthly "Innovation Monitoring Newsletter."

FERRARI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Transportation and Mobility • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A monthly inspirational newsletter for the Ferrari technical team

Constantly monitoring the market to provide a selection of the best news to
influence the technical team's mindset.

A monthly newsletter structured around thematic sections and based on different
industries and technologies.

Inspired the technical team, stimulating new ideas.

The Innovation Monitoring Newsletter was an agile and enjoyable newsletter, that
was easy to read, and mixed a curated selection of the most interesting sources
on complementary industries, market numbers, startups, and forecasted data with
relevant analysis.

Every month a dedicated team of researchers explored articles, white papers,
interviews, and other content related to the main topics. Inside every issue,
there was a selection of links that created connections among different topics.
Further insights were provided to spur inspiration and ideas.

Each newsletter presented a deep-dive into four to six topics in mobility, tech,
and market scenarios. The sections were: Innovation overviews, long form
analysis of the most important innovations and changes in the areas of
technology, new phenomena, and mobility; Case studies, inspirational case
studies from companies that are contributing to pushing the boundaries of
innovation; Startups, news about the most interesting startups that are
challenging current business models or developing new technologies and
industrial solutions; Market data, highlights of meaningful market
data; Research papers, mentions of must-know documents and research; Expert's
view, mentions of significant statements, interviews, and opinions from
influential CEOs, managers, researchers, and tech industry and mobility market
leaders.

FERRARI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Transportation and Mobility • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
