A NEW IN-STORE EXPERIENCE TO FULFILL EXISTING AND PROSPECTIVE CLIENTS’
EXPECTATIONS

------------------------------------------------------------

A new in-store experience to fulfill existing and prospective clients’
expectations

The luxury sector has changed a lot in recent years, attracting new types of
clients. Within the automotive industry, new contrasting lifestyles and consumer
behaviors are challenging brands to adapt without losing their identities.

For our client, leader in the automotive sector, the physical experience is
undeniably the peak touchpoint of the customer journey—where products and people
are—and the point with the most future potential.

From a well-rounded understanding phase, to envisioning the Dealer of the
Future, we provided the North Star to inform its steps in innovation.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Automotive & Petrol • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A new in-store experience to fulfill existing and prospective clients’
expectations

To envision — and scale down — the ideal in-store experience to make people fall
in love with the brand, and attract and engage with old and new clients.

Two scenarios and a series of touchpoints to change perspectives from pure
product and business driven innovation, to a long-term reflection on branded
experiences related to a luxury lifestyle.

We inspired directions and decisions to align tactical initiatives to a broader
vision. Two more collaborations were born afterward: a Rocket Program and a DT
Academy.

To frame the context of store experiences, we considered three different
perspectives: the brand's, the market’s, and the users'. We aimed to address
research considering luxury, automotive, and retail dimensions. We ran 6 remote
interviews with main stakeholders to gather information around strategy and
initiatives, customers, and market understanding. We immersed ourselves in this
context, with two visits to their centers in two cities. We examined trend
research related to new consumer behaviors, brand distinctiveness, and retail
experiences. Finally, we listened to 12 clients and prospects to investigate
what luxury means to them and what they value in a purchase experience. In the
second phase, we defined 2 provocative directions. The first one was about
rethinking the concept of the store itself: the physical point loses its main
focus of sales and wants to attract a precise archetype of consumer interested
in luxury, providing a 360 experience. The second and more conservative one
focused on extending the whole customer journey, addressing two opposite
behaviors: rational and emotional — a self-serving and pragmatic path that
coexists with a friendlier experience. We worked together to define the future
work directions to be developed by finding the right synergies between the
future vision and ongoing projects.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Automotive & Petrol • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
