A NEW SALES PROPOSITION TO BECOME SERVICE PROVIDERS FOR BUSINESSES.

TECHNOGYM

------------------------------------------------------------

A new sales proposition to become service providers for businesses.

Technogym asked us to help them find a new sales proposition that would help
them move from being a mere equipment supplier to a full-fledged corporate
service provider.The solution, born out of the needs identified through
research, interviews and market studies, is the Technogym Corporate Club. An
ecosystem of corporate wellness tools that integrates and enhances existing
assets.The journey included defining the strategic guidelines, envisioning and
designing the solution, and developing an MVP to test the offering and
experience.

TECHNOGYM

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

A new sales proposition to become service providers for businesses.

Redefine the corporate wellness ecosystem by enhancing existing assets enhancing
its tools and content to position Technogym as a key player in the corporate
wellness market.

Support at all stages: from planning and design of key touchpoints to content
strategy and project flow management in collaboration with all stakeholders.

Bringing an MVP online, ready to be tested and in line with the product and
market objectives validated during the work.

We defined the co-design path based on the research findings and assumptions
provided, stakeholder interviews and the positioning objective for the platform
to arrive at the definition of the new ecosystem. New features and content were
integrated to support the value proposition of the service and improve the
experience not only for end users, but also for corporate HR. The process was
split into 3 phases: PHASE 1: STRATEGY The strategic guidelines, plan and budget
for the design and development of the product were defined, starting with a
kickoff to understand the context and study the scenario. PHASE 2: CONCEPT AND
DESIGN This was the phase we focused on the most, where we first defined the
value proposition and user journey for the employee and employer and then the
concept and content strategy. Then, we prioritized the most relevant
functionality for the user and proceeded to prototype and test the designed
touchpoints. From the testing, we obtained formal approval to define the MVP and
validate the content strategy. We concluded the phase with the detailed design
of the platform. PHASE 3: DEVELOPMENT Iterative development of the MVP
(communication website, end-user app, corporate HUB).

TECHNOGYM

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
