A NEW WAY TO ENGAGE WITH CLINICIANS THROUGH CO-DESIGN

------------------------------------------------------------

A new way to engage with clinicians through co-design

Pharmaceutical companies belong to a closed and regulated system, especially in
Italy. For relationships with doctors, it is necessary to find new services and
engagement formulas that offer tangible value and keep these stakeholders close
to the brand.

With our client, the Italian branch of the multinational pharma company,
together with divisions related to psychiatric pathologies and thoracic oncology
we designed a new way of interacting with and being closer to professionals.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

A new way to engage with clinicians through co-design

Bring the company from a simple request for communication support, to a solution
in which the clinician plays an active role in the relationship with the brand
and is no longer just a spectator.

A day of co-design to bring out important points of attention for clinicians.
Starting from their needs, we developed innovative solutions to solve them and
be closer to the user.

We involved 40 doctors. The result was positive because both categories of
clinicians responded with great enthusiasm to this particular invitation and
actively contributed to innovative solutions.

This experiment included two different projects: 1. Design Thinking Workshop
with Psychiatrists: The 1-day workshop involved facilitators from MAIZE's
network, client's employees, and psychiatric doctors with different backgrounds
and experience levels. The main objective was to intercept and respond to the
needs of professionals and support them through digital tools. The solutions
that emerged were developed starting from daily needs and issues addressed by
the profession.

2. An Advisory Board with Thoracic Oncology Chiefs. A co-design workshop
involving our client's employees, doctors specialized in the treatment of lung
cancer, and MAIZE facilitators. The aim was dual: on the one hand, to spread and
communicate the main characteristics of two new products for the treatment of
pathologies, on the other, to design a new strategy for their inclusion in
therapy and to find an effective form of communication between doctors. The
workshop led the participants in an analysis path, definition of the typical
user, and identification of a communication strategy by sharing information
about competitors and the market. The final goal was to help clinicians
understand that the brand cared about their contribution to building solutions
that were useful both for their routine and for patients. A new angle was useful
to develop a solid relationship, gather valuable information, and build
spontaneous interaction.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
