A NEW MOTOR PROPOSITION TO DIGITIZE AN INSURANCE PLAYER CUSTOMER BASE & NETWORK

------------------------------------------------------------

A new Motor Proposition to digitize an insurance player customer base & network

A well-known insurance brand offer (car insurance, Kasko, etc.) faced major
challenges as its portfolio of customers shrunk. The worldwide-known insurance
company wanted to protect its existing portfolio and increase its customers'
lifetime value.

For these reasons, the company wanted to develop a digital proposition that
aimed at increasing the frequency of interactions with its customers that could
be adopted by several countries by leveraging central technical capabilities and
local expertise and understanding its customer base.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

A new Motor Proposition to digitize an insurance player customer base & network

They wanted to increase retention, build meaningful engagement, and strengthen
customer empowerment and mutual trust, in order to enhance the overall lifetime
value of its current Motor portfolio.

The solution was to create a seamless digital experience integrating the
different digital and non-digital touch-points enhancing the network made by
intermediaries, the brand, and customers.

Design and development of a brand new motor proposition with three countries on-
board as a pilot.

The project was complex and organized in different phases and teams: Global
insurance trends analysis: a deep analysis conducted to understand trends and
services that are changing the insurance industry. Development of a global,
consistent proposition: benchmarking of insurance groups’ and startups’ digital
offerings and engagement levers that allowed them to identify services and
features that are the pillar for the new proposition. These digital services are
distributed via two digital channels: app and customer portal. Identification of
pilot countries: presentation of the proposition to 4 potential pilot countries.
The 3 countries (Italy, Germany, and Brazil) that accepted the opportunity, were
on-boarded to the project and aligned on its content. Study of country-specific
situations: understand specific needs and customers based on each country
selected finding how to deeply personalize the new proposition. Country-based
features selection: depending on the specific necessity of each country, define
which features have to be included in the country proposition. Country-based
MVP: by bringing our startup approach, we have defined a subset of features and
services that have been the first MVP of the digital ecosystem. Prototyping:
production of user flows, customer journeys, UX & UI, and a final prototype
ready to be tested and implemented. This work took into consideration the
company's central team and country teams in every design step.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
