A NEW E-COMMERCE PLATFORM FOR UNIFARCO’S BRAND “FARMACISTI PREPARATORI”

UNIFARCO

------------------------------------------------------------

A new e-commerce platform for Unifarco’s brand “Farmacisti Preparatori”

The cosmetic, dermatological, and nutraceutical company Unifarco contacted us to
create an e-commerce platform and a B2B2C digital promotion strategy for its
brand "Farmacisti Preparatori,” also aimed at strengthening its partnership with
the pharmacies that sell its products. To meet these needs, we created an
e-commerce platform for the customer's products that gives end-users a
customized browsing experience. Based on the selection made at the beginning of
navigation, the platform can be configured as an online shop of one of the
partner pharmacies, from which the user can make direct purchases.

UNIFARCO

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

A new e-commerce platform for Unifarco’s brand “Farmacisti Preparatori”

An e-commerce portal promoting the online presence of Unifarco’s products and
consolidating the relationship with partner pharmacies, promoting digital sales
and retail traffic of the latter.

An e-commerce platform that gives end-users a personalized browsing experience
and allows them to purchase Unifarco’s products from a partner pharmacy of their
choice.

Creation of a new digital presence and development of an omnichannel experience
for the customer. Increase in turnout at the partner pharmacy outlets.

Unifarco contacted us to configure its online presence and develop an
omnichannel strategy to support its "Farmacisti Preparatori" brand. The client's
request was to strengthen the B2B2C model in order to consolidate the
partnership with the network of local pharmacies and allow end-users to buy
brand products online directly from them.

To develop the e-commerce platform, we have programmed the Magento platform to
guarantee the user a personalized experience: based on what is entered in the
search engine, the buyer can enter a small website of a trusted pharmacy, sift
through the product catalog, and buy from that particular point of sale
directly.

The websites of the partner companies have been customized with a logo and
header, and give the possibility to select the 'Pick & Pay' method and to make
returns at the pharmacy where the user has made the purchase. For products
purchased with this method, the labeling of the packaging with the brand of the
pharmacy that supplied them is also provided.

For the customer, we also took care of the digital marketing strategy to give
maximum online visibility to the new e-commerce platform, which has also been
SEO optimized.

UNIFARCO

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
