A POSTER-MAGAZINE DEDICATED TO THE COMPANY’S WORKFORCE TO EXPLORE SEA’S CORE
VALUES

SEA

------------------------------------------------------------

A poster-magazine dedicated to the company’s workforce to explore SEA’s core
values

SEA asked us to design a solution to communicate with the entire company
population in an inclusive and accessible way. This led to the creation of SEA
Mag: a biannual, pocket-sized magazine that can be enjoyed anywhere—even by
people who don’t work closely with digital devices. Each issue revolves around a
central theme relevant to the company, developed through a variety of editorial
sections. SEA Mag is a poster-magazine: on one side, editorial content curated
by the MAIZE and SEA teams; on the other, an original illustration created each
time by a different artist. Content curation and graphic design are handled by
MAIZE.

SEA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Transportation and Mobility • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

A poster-magazine dedicated to the company’s workforce to explore SEA’s core
values

Identifying an engaging and inclusive communication method accessible to all
employees, including operational staff without digital devices.

Creating a tool for effective and inclusive communication with the entire
company population, including employees without constant access to digital
channels.

SEA Mag made internal communication more inclusive, widespread, and cross-
functional, reaching every person in the company. It fostered a sense of
belonging and engagement—even offline.

Always committed to fostering a work environment built on continuous dialogue
with its people, SEA involved us in designing a solution capable of reaching the
entire company population in an inclusive, direct, and accessible way.That’s how
SEA Mag was born: a lightweight, pocket-sized magazine that can be enjoyed
anywhere—during a coffee break at the airport or while commuting—even without
the use of digital devices.

SEA Mag is a thematic poster-magazine: each issue features editorial content
curated by MAIZE and SEA on one side, exploring company values and topics
relevant to the organization, and an original illustration on the other—linked
to the issue’s theme and created by a different artist each time. SEA Mag thus
serves both as a communication tool and as a collectible object to keep or
display.The collaboration with SEA on the magazine has been ongoing since 2023.

SEA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Transportation and Mobility • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
