A PREDICTIVE MODEL FOR THE SIMULATION AND PROJECTION OF THE CUSTOMER BASE

------------------------------------------------------------

A predictive model for the simulation and projection of the customer base

One of the largest Italian insurance companies gave us the objective of
analyzing the geographic distribution of its customers, with a focus on
millennials, based on key characteristics of the territory, assessing how
compatible it is with the new coverage models assumed and carrying out a series
of projections of the customer base over time, to simulate different scenarios
based on the entry of new policyholders.

The proposed solution was based on the enrichment of customer analytics data
with statistical indicators from public databases for the development of data-
driven models to simulate the evolution of the customer base.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

A predictive model for the simulation and projection of the customer base

Analyze the current geographical distribution of the customer base and simulate
its evolution over time on the Italian territory based on the entry of
millennial customers.

Enrichment of customer analytics data with statistical indicators from public
databases, for the development of statistical models to simulate the evolution
of the customer base.

A system based on statistical models through which the customer can act on
different parameters to simulate scenarios of evolution over time of the
customer base in the Italian provinces.

In the context of launching a new product, expanding into new markets or
targeting new demographics, it is crucial to include in the forecast analysis
information on who is buying what and where, in a more extensive way than the
data contained in CRM.

The project carried out for one of the largest Italian insurance companies was
divided into two main phases: the enrichment of customer data through
territorial statistical indicators and the development of data-driven simulation
models. The first step took place by collecting over 200 statistical micro-
indicators from 8 public databases. The micro-indicators describe
characteristics of the Italian territory (e.g. youth employment rate, per capita
income, etc.) and have been condensed through mathematical methods into macro-
indicators that briefly describe the positioning of each Italian province in
terms of 6 key characteristics: attractiveness, competition, innovation,
mobility, wealth and security. The enriched data was used in phase 2 to develop
statistical models able to describe and simulate the purchasing behavior of a
customer.

The tool, based on statistical models and always configurable autonoumously,
allows to simulate scenarios of evolution of the customer base on the territory,
with particular focus on the acquisition of millennial customers.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
