A PROGRAM TO DEVELOP A DIGITAL MINDSET INSIDE THE COMPANY

ELI LILLY ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

A program to develop a digital mindset inside the company

Eli Lilly Italia is the local headquarters of the American pharmaceutical
multinational company.

In the highly regulated world of pharmaceuticals, the concept of digital can be
accompanied by some fear, but Lilly Italia had a great desire for change,
starting from their skill set.

The Lilly employee has a very technical background and even the most transversal
departments (marketing, HR, etc.) count on a vertical and specific up-skilling
path.

We started from our meaning of digital, to build a learning and development path
for all 650 employees.

ELI LILLY ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

A program to develop a digital mindset inside the company

Boost participation among those who were used to working mainly in silos and
with traditional workflows. Ask for a proactive contribution to company
innovation by thinking outside the box.

We developed a complete training path useful for employees to test and train
their mindset and learn by doing, but also for the company to share a new vision
and adopt new workflows.

60% of the population completed the assessment and training, over 100 ideas were
proposed, and 20 solutions conceived in the h-ack.

Our concept of digital mindset was based on three pillars that we tried to
transfer along the whole program: think, experiment, and act fast. Guided by
this mantra, we developed and shared: Phase 1. A narrative assessment to map the
level of knowledge around digital topics inside the company. This helped us to
identify 30 Digital Champions — initiative ambassadors. Phase 2. The Training, a
learning program available through an e-learning platform designed for this
purpose, in which we created original content and collected inspiration
organized around 4 main topics: start up thinking, content strategy and
storytelling, digital marketing and mobile, gamification. Phase 3. The 27 cross-
functional Digital Champions were invited to a bootcamp to experiment with new
ways of working and innovative methodologies with the aim of defining the 5
areas of investigation for the Idea Sharing phase. As an outcome, we developed 5
Briefs based on stakeholder needs. Phase 4. For the idea sharing phase, we
designed an intuitive platform to collect — through a guided form — and vote
(with a classic IG-style heart) all the ideas uploaded by employees, either
alone or in a group. Those ideas helped to outline the challenges for the h-ack.
Phase 5. A 24-hour H-ACK in which 60 company employees, divided into teams and
mixed with 30 students from our Master (MADE) and IED Milan, generated solutions
starting from the challenges created with the contribution of all employees.

ELI LILLY ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
