A PURPOSE-DRIVEN INTERNAL COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN TO LAUNCH THE NEW INTRANET.

NICE

------------------------------------------------------------

A purpose-driven internal communication campaign to launch the new intranet.

In 2023, Nice transformed its house organ into a global intranet: The Daily
Wonder. To support this transition, we devised "Play Nice", a charity race that
turned the platform into a vast playing field. By accessing the platform and
engaging with likes and comments, each person contributed to accumulating points
that were then converted into donations for UNICEF. To further engage the
corporate population, we also created video capsules related to social themes
and important company initiatives.

NICE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

A purpose-driven internal communication campaign to launch the new intranet.

Promoting access and interaction of the corporate population with the new
intranet and raising awareness on the topics and initiatives important for Nice.

We designed and executed a purpose-driven communication campaign, aimed at
amplifying the concept of Daily Wonder by engaging the corporate population in a
charitable gaming experience.

We designed the campaign concept and produced the content and visuals. We
developed a physical kit for Nice's locations, including video pills, launch,
and closing campaign videos

In 2023, Nice revolutionized its house organ by transforming it into a modern
global intranet called The Daily Wonder. To accompany this shift to the new
platform, Nice commissioned us to design an internal communication campaign. The
goal was to highlight the features of the new tool and engage users from
different countries, giving the platform a broader significance. We designed
'Play Nice,' a charity race that turned the platform into an extensive playing
field.

By accessing the platform and interacting with it, the corporate population
could earn points contributing to various charitable donations for UNICEF. To
encourage more users to access the new intranet, we created a physical kit with
a QR code redirecting to the platform login. We then developed a tracking system
to convert user actions into points, which were aggregated and represented in
two counters, highlighting the campaign's progress. Additionally, we assigned
more points to certain custom-made video capsules dedicated to themes close to
Nice, thus transforming The Daily Wonder into a space dedicated to raising
awareness among the corporate population.

NICE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
