A RAG TO SUPPORT CONTACT CENTER OPERATORS IN ENERGY FIELD

------------------------------------------------------------

A RAG to support contact center operators in Energy field

A player in electricity and gas, energy efficiency and sustainability services
for domestic users, condominiums, businesses and entities provides support to
its customers through contact center operators in cross channel mode (phone,
email and social channels) depending on the types of support.To speed up and
streamline support operations, within a POC perimeter, the client asked us for
an application capable of navigating the document base of procedures and news
built in Salesforce Knowledge. The system is made available on a lite interface
integrated on Salesforce.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

A RAG to support contact center operators in Energy field

An application to support customer care operators that makes it easy to search
through service items and return timely responses with reduced case management
time.

A RAG for browsing procedures and news integrated with GPT-3.5 on an integrated
interface with the customer's Salesforce instance to support customer care
activities.

Tested performance in terms of coverage and accuracy of responses, perceived
quality of service, and high speed of response. Increased efficiency in case
management in reduced time.

Customer service operations in Energy occur real time across various channels
and must be efficient to ensure the customer receives the desired service.
Sometimes these operations can be time consuming, due to the lack of
availability of information in the document base to be consulted.A global player
in electricity and gas asked for our support to make customer care work more
efficient. In a POC perimeter, we co-designed and implemented a RAG, a search
application that would make it easier to navigate an excerpt of the document
base available to the customer's customer care operators. The system searches
the care articles (procedures and news items) built in Salesforce Knowledge,
retrieves the most relevant documents with respect to the query posed, and
returns them to the best-performing LLM, which is tasked with generating an
accurate response in adequate time that, before being returned to the operator,
is validated by an ad hoc implemented filtering module so that it is
consistent.System performance is calculated from several KPIs, such as response
coverage and accuracy, perceived service quality, and response time.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
