A RESEARCH AND INNOVATION JOURNEY INVOLVING CLINICIANS TO GENERATE NEW SERVICE
SOLUTIONS IN PHARMA

------------------------------------------------------------

A research and innovation journey involving clinicians to generate new service
solutions in pharma

The client, the Italian branch of an international player in cardiovascular
disease care, was looking to expand its offering by creating new services for
its customers (clinicians). The process started with analysing the context,
emerging trends, and conducting interviews with 30+ clinicians across Italy. We
then extracted insights and involved a selected group of customers, who had also
contributed through qualitative interviews, in an idea generation workshop.
Finally, we reviewed and refined the ideas with customers and selected the most
promising ones to develop as concepts, creating visual mockups to enable an
evaluation discussion among stakeholders in the Innovation team.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

A research and innovation journey involving clinicians to generate new service
solutions in pharma

Identify innovative solutions that leverage emerging technologies to expand the
client's offering starting from the unmet needs of their customers: clinicians
and payers from the cardiovascular field.

An innovation journey where customers were involved as experts in every step of
the process, contributing to the generation of new concepts that benefit both
the clinicians' community and patients.

The concepts, co-created with customers, leverage emerging technologies and will
support the client in innovating its offering and strengthening its positioning
in the Italian pharmaceuticals market.

We worked through 3 main phases: The Lens, The Lab, and The Horizons, where a
diverse set of customers (clinicians) were involved as subject matter experts
ensuring the relevance of the journey's outcomes.In The Lens, we studied and
created archetypes based on the client's database to inform the recruiting of
clinicians and payers to interview. More than 30+ cardiologists, diabetologists
and pharmacists across Italy were interviewed remotely to gather insights from
their day to day, communication tools, ongoing education experiences, and their
point of view on innovation in the field. In parallel, we looked for inspiration
from emerging trends and technologies, and distributed a survey to an additional
80+ clinicians to quantify the evidence emerged from the interviews. In The Lab,
with an enriched picture of the needs and pain points of clinicians, we
organized a 2 day workshop where we presented the research findings and involved
the most forward-thinking customers we previously interviewed to generate ideas
starting from a set of opportunity areas emerged through research. In The
Horizons we prioritized and refined the ideas, collaborating with customers, to
select 4 high value digital solutions that leverage AI and machine learning to
benefit clinicians and patients. By creating visual mockups of the most
significant features we facilitated the sharing and discussion of the concepts
within the client's Innovation Team.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
