A ROCKET PROGRAM TO DEFINE AND PROTOTYPE A NEW ROLE IN THE STORE

------------------------------------------------------------

A Rocket Program to define and prototype a new role in the store

Starting with the strategic objective of offering customers a retail experience
that is more in line with their expectations, our client, a leader in the
automotive sector, developed a space renewal project that brought with it a
reorganization of areas, flows, and internal skills. 

At this stage of the project, the client envisioned introducing a new figure
with the general aim of welcoming and offering customers an extraordinary
experience.

An intensive 5-day co-design session emerged from the need to give a boost to
the project deepening the idea and the role of this new figure.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Automotive & Petrol • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A Rocket Program to define and prototype a new role in the store

Establish several specific codes of behavior, support tools, and touch-points
that the new figure could use to accommodate and guide the client to an
experience tailored to their needs.

The new figure isn't just the front-end. They steer an inner change of mentality
for team dynamics, shifting from solo to team players, which will eventually
make the business model more profitable.

Four illustrated videos showing how the new figure interacts with clients and
the team and moves across space. An identikit that defines the figure's purpose,
objectives, skills, and actions.

Creating optimal conditions is crucial to the success of such a short project:
before jumping into the experience we aligned the team, assigned roles and
responsibilities, and engaged participants with pre-work.

The project team of 2 dealers, 1 HR person, 1 CX expert, and 2 sales people,
worked intensely for 1 week, far from the traditional environment to experience
a startup approach. We were fully engaged with them to lead activities and
conversations.

Day 1: We explored the context of some stores identifying objectives, risks, and
opportunities in both the short and long term.

Day 2: We deepened different client and prospect profiles, to know what roles
the new figure should play accordingly.

Day 3: We analyzed the operational impacts of stores.

Day 4: We created an identikit to define skills and competencies, training
activities for current receptionists, and the redistribution of tasks among team
members.

Day 5: We divided the team into four groups, each focused on creating user
stories to value the role of the new figure.

We translated these paper stories into four videos to support the CEO in
spreading the project to create buy-in from dealers.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Automotive & Petrol • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
