A SET OF EXCLUSIVE IMMERSIVE EXPERIENCES

------------------------------------------------------------

A set of exclusive immersive experiences

Mapped from curious corners of the world, a lineup of special locations that
hold a cultural connection to the brand, revealing extraordinary beauty and
spellbinding stories.

The program launched as a digital editorial project with the goal of becoming a
new touchpoint for the audience and help them connect to the brand’s vision.

We helped the client evolve the project and launch a new set of live immersive
events that will enable users to live exceptional and culturally enriching
experiences.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

A set of exclusive immersive experiences

The client would like to enable users to live exceptional and culturally
enriching experiences.

A set of immersive experiences that will allow people to go beyond the discovery
of exceptional places and will give them the chance to experience their people
and history.

The project was halted in early 2020 as a result of the Covid-19-related
pandemic crisis.

We helped the client design exclusive immersive experiences for a series of
physical locations spread around the world.

We conducted an extensive research on competitors and innovative experiences
around the world. Following the experience design theory, we led a series of
specific workshops on the definition of the concept, the main theme, the agenda
and all the necessary ingredients for the experience.

We also helped the client focus on target audience, market opportunities,
distributions channels, value proposition and project objectives. 

After an initial research and definition phase, we then moved on with a test
phase, starting with two locations.

Up to now, we performed a rehearsal test at one of the two locations: an
extraordinary English private house, one of the most precious and extensive
collections in the UK.

Starting from the history and main characters of the location, we developed an
immersive 4-hour event, where participants are guided along the house by actors
during an engaging treasure hunt that takes them through the discovery of its
amazing contents.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
