A STORYTELLING EXPERIENCE FOR THE NEW FLAGSHIP BUILDING

------------------------------------------------------------

A storytelling experience for the new flagship building

Our client, an Italian luxury company, embarks for a true adventure: creating
and opening its brand new, entirely owned Flagship building. A complex and
multi-faceted journey which is, in and of itself, the true richness of the
project.

The goal was to communicate the many complexities and stages of the projects in
the most immediate and engaging way possible for its global population.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

A storytelling experience for the new flagship building

Narrating the complexity of the process of the company's new flagship opening by
creating a communication strategy around different stories as they unfolded

A true video editorial strategy applied to internal communication.
(Story)telling all angles, voices and teasing moments of a milestone strategic
project for the client.

Inside Ginza: a single-page storytelling platform populated by different video
formats, from interviews to micro-documentaries to teasers/promos.

Our concept, Inside Ginza, starts by structuring this internal Communication
project just as an external communication strategy, with an editorial approach,
format roster and month-by-month release plan.

We approached this mainly through a storytelling platform that would live
autonomously within the client's own intranet. The idea was to shape a long-
scroll, single storytelling page, designed with stylistic elements from Far East
culture, such as Mon, Japanese emblems used to identify an individual or a
business entity. 

The page was structured to be gradually populated with numerous video formats:
teasers and promos, micro-docs describing the geographical context of the Tokyo
where the building would reside, and many interviews with key figures involved
in the creation of the Flagship store, from its architect, to various country,
regional and Project Managers, to interior designers working on the project. 

Our objective, from the beginning, was to reduce the amount of text and written
articles in the storytelling process. Instead, we wanted to focus primarily on a
sensory level, using video, photographs and audio to create a more engaging
experience for the entire company population around the globe.

Our involvement encompassed the entire creative spectrum, strengthening our role
of strategic content and communication curators.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
