A STRATEGY TO WIN THE MILANO-MALPENSA ROUTE COMPETITION

TRENORD

------------------------------------------------------------

A strategy to win the Milano-Malpensa route competition

Trenord is an Italian railway company, which is also responsible for the
operation of regional passenger trains in Lombardy.

The aim of the project was to design new initiatives to improve Malpensa Express
market share on the Milano-Malpensa Airport route.

To do this, we studied the current context, in terms of competition and the
Customer Journey, to identify pain points and host a co-design workshop to
ideate new solutions and communication strategies.

TRENORD

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A strategy to win the Milano-Malpensa route competition

To help Trenord gain additional market share from buses, taxis, and private car
competition along the Milano - Malpensa airport route.

Study market context through qualitative/quantitive approaches, understand
travelers' needs, and co-design a communication strategy to improve the service
and strengthen marketing effectiveness.

A roadmap of online and offline initiatives to improve the Customer Journey on
several touch points, detailed target profiling, and a new marketing campaign
concept sustained by a ROI model.

The project aimed to achieve the company's 2019 key growth objectives,
leveraging the Linate Airport shut-down during the summer. Trenord asked us to
design a strategy that would help them increase the market share of the Milano-
Malpensa Airport route over their competition. We carried out the work in
several phases: As-is assessment - Analyzed Trenord's extensive research
materials and carried out original research through customer and employee
interviews, mapping and prioritizing areas of opportunity for Trenord. Market
sizing and Customer Value Analysis - Ran quantitative field research to collect
information about Customers' and Prospects' travel attitudes and their
perception of Malpensa Express services based on the evaluation of a set of key
values, also analyzing Malpensa Express positioning with respect to its main
competitors. Research Report - We provided Trenord with three groups who were
more likely to buy Malpensa Express tickets if targeted properly with a
marketing campaign, linking each cluster to a ROI scenario model. Co-design
sessions - We performed a co-design session with Trenord stakeholders to
identify new initiatives to respond to the areas of opportunity, and to ideate a
high-level communication concept aimed at turning those clusters into Malpensa
Express customers. Communication concept - Starting from a high-level concept,
we created three different approaches, and Trenord picked one (Malpensa Express
Lovers).

TRENORD

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
