A TALENT PROGRAM TO ONBOARD YOUNG TALENTS IN THE ORGANIZATION

------------------------------------------------------------

A Talent Program to onboard young talents in the organization

In 2021, a company specializing in IT services for the banking sector launched a
call4ideas aimed at gathering innovative ideas from the entire corporate
population. The winning team proposed a Talent Program aimed at young graduates.
Starting from that, the client asked us to help make the idea concrete in a
short time.

To do this, we created an idea acceleration process, designing the user journey
and blueprint of the experience on the one hand, and the identity of the
initiative on the other.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

A Talent Program to onboard young talents in the organization

Designing a Talent Program aimed at attracting young graduates.

A program to observe, discover and train young talent, based on the values and
capabilities sought by the client, while combining game dynamics, project work
and self-training.

A new organizational process in continuity with the company's renewal path; a
proposal to develop the first wave of the program starting from 2023.

The project followed these stages:

Research: internal interviews to understand processes and tools used by the
organization and external interviews with recent graduates and interns to
identify needs and expectations in their approach to the world of work.

Co-design: a workshop in which we shared research findings and inspired
participants with some case studies. Then we defined together the key elements
to be included in the talent program.

Guiding principles: definition of guiding principles on which the entire process
rests by associating the company's values with the capabilities that best
express them and that should be observed and transferred to talent.

Process: designing the user journey and blueprint of the entire experience, from
the discovery phase of the initiative to recruitment, through the insights from
the workshop and the guiding principles we had in mind.

Identity: through a co-design workshop we gathered insights on imagery and tone
of voice with which we built the identity of the program (naming, payoff, logo,
graphic palette, touchpoint applications).

The project ended with the proposal of the activation of the first wave of the
program starting from 2023.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
