A TALENT ATTRACTION CAMPAIGN TO LAUNCH A NEW GRADUATE PROGRAM

------------------------------------------------------------

A talent attraction campaign to launch a new graduate program

In 2019, a global leader in the eyewear production launched a talent attraction
campaign for their new International Graduate Program where highly-skilled
graduates could experience cross-business, cross-functional, and cross-country
rotations. 

We supported the client before the selection phase of the project by designing a
concept for the Graduate Program and a communication campaign to attract new
talent and increase brand awareness.

We developed a complete communication campaign, starting from a video teaser,
creative assets, and a dedicated website section.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A talent attraction campaign to launch a new graduate program

Recruiting a new stream of highly-talented graduates from top-ranked
universities worldwide to launch a new International Graduate Program.

A concept specifically created to attract people who shared our client values as
presented in a complete communication campaign (online, offline — paid and
organic).

An attraction campaign that revolved around two objectives: to address a target
audience through social engagement and bold calls to action; to provide complete
program information.

The campaign had a clear mission: to identify talent who were interested to join
our client's creative vision — young people who could stand out among a crowd
with the ambition and responsibility to own projects and face complex
challenges.

The concept was translated into different deliverables: a brand manual, a social
campaign, a video teaser, content for a dedicated section of a career website,
and offline assets (brochures, posters, etc.).

The brand manual explored the "creative side" of the Graduate Program, from the
value proposition to copy and visual examples that served as guidelines to
create specific pieces of content for the campaign.

The teaser was a bold and motivating call for the best talent that still kept
its focus on the program’s concrete content. To convey the content in the best
way, we used a voiceover and video footage, which was enhanced by keywords that
underlined crucial concepts.

The social campaign —a mix of static content and short videos — was launched on
Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook, through paid and organic content.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
