A TAILOR-MADE PLATFORM TO INNOVATE THE SKILL MAPPING PROCESS OF THE CUSTOMER
CARE

------------------------------------------------------------

A tailor-made platform to innovate the skill mapping process of the Customer
Care

A leading telecommunications company asked us to help them in reviewing the
Skill mapping process of their customer care operators, with the aim of defining
effective growth paths and supporting the skills-based routing process.After a
detailed analysis of the current situation, we defined a new activity flow and
developed an ad hoc platform capable of supporting the entire skill mapping
process, from the definition of a skills matrix to the detection of knowledge
and the activation of the different training initiatives.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Media and Entertainment • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

A tailor-made platform to innovate the skill mapping process of the Customer
Care

Redesign the Skill Mapping process of Customer Care operators to make it faster
and more effective in detecting training gaps and defining growth paths.

A multi-tenant platform that helps the HR team to map and assess Customer Care
skills.

New skill mapping process in place and the MVP of the platform currently used by
the Customer Care population.

A well-known Telco company asked us to help them in reviewing the skill mapping
process of their customer care operators, as it was ineffective in defining
targeted growth paths, and supporting the skills-based routing process.

Through interviews with key stakeholders, we reconstructed the current skill
mapping process and identified the main critical issues. From this mapping, we
then redesigned the entire experience, focusing on defining a common methodology
and tools.

Then we designed and developed a multi-tenant platform consisting of two main
parts: a staff section dedicated to the HR team that manage the skill mapping,
and an operator section dedicated to each person involved in knowledge mapping.

Within the staff section, the HR team can classify the skills present in
Customer Care, create work teams and define a skill-set for each of these to be
tested, design and deliver evaluation quizzes and finally analyze the results of
skill mapping through a dedicated dashboard.

In the operator area each person can take evaluation quizzes, view the result
history and access training content useful to close their gaps.

The intervention helped to reduce the duration of each skill mapping cycle from
8 months to 3 months.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Media and Entertainment • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
