A TRAINING PROGRAM FOR MANAGERS ON GOAL SETTING AND FEEDBACK COMMUNICATION

------------------------------------------------------------

A training program for managers on goal Setting and feedback communication

After the training for the executives, we addressed approximately 200 middle
managers within the group, who have already been introduced to the new template
during the allocation of their 2023 goals. The project includes two e-Learning
courses to provide theoretical insights into the topics that will later be
practiced through workshops, group coaching sessions, role-playing and practical
exercises in the two in-person workshops. The summer break was filled with a
series of reading recommendations and further exploration.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

A training program for managers on goal Setting and feedback communication

Continue the group training on the topic of Goal setting, this time with the aim
of involving the entire group of managers in the company (approximately 200
people).

A 4-stage program, including 2 in-person sessions to reinforce the training
content, and 2 remote sessions to introduce and delve deeper into the topics in
an agile and practical manner.

Establishing a common language on the topic of Goal setting, through the
template and exploring a fresh perspective on related topics (e.g., feedback
management).

The program for the approximately 200 middle managers within the group consists
of four key stages: a setup phase and an initial e-Learning course to introduce
the template components already in use by the company, starting from the
executive course in 2022. This is followed by an in-person session for
practicing with the template and start to resonate on personal development and
cross-functional skills, a topic that is both crucial and less common within the
group. After the summer break, during which we provided participants with a post
(on their intranet) filled with reading recommendations and insights, it's time
to launch the second e-Learning course that introduces topics related to
feedback collection and sharing, goal communication, active listening and cross-
functional skills essential for supporting goal setting activities. The final
session is once again in-person, focusing on revisiting these topics through
practical exercises, role-playing and tailored workshops.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
