A TRAINING WEEK ON INDUSTRY 4.0 FOR THE ITALIAN CAMERE DI COMMERCIO

UNIONCAMERE

------------------------------------------------------------

A training week on Industry 4.0 for the Italian Camere di Commercio

Business support organizations like the Camere di Commercio (CDC) have to be
updated on Industry 4.0 topics and provide the right support to companies from
their networks. To reach that, the Italian CDC has trained a "digital promoter,"
an expert who’s able to offer support on Industry 4.0 and digital topics. 

The main objective of the one-week program is to provide participants with the
basic knowledge necessary to understand and analyze Industry 4.0 issues and its
context and to suggest the best support options for companies that need help on
those topics.

UNIONCAMERE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Public Administration & No Profit • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

A training week on Industry 4.0 for the Italian Camere di Commercio

The main challenge was to design the right training on Industry 4.0 for  Digital
Promoters —a group of qualified professional figures that the Italian Camere di
Commercio system is training.

Our solution was a full week of lessons, inspirational speeches, training
activities, and practical workshops, business games, and trips to visit
innovative companies.

200 digital promoters from all over Italy were trained during four separate
weeks. At the end of the training week, they were also asked to complete a
digital assessment.

To determine the digital maturity level of a company, we developed SELFI4.0 is
online, a self-assessment test developed by the Camere di Commercio. Through a
simple questionnaire each company will be able to obtain not only a picture of
its 4.0 level, but also useful indications of the priority areas to intervene.
Following this first assessment, the company may decide to directly contact the
PID offices of its Camera di Commercio to book a guided assessment with a
Digital Promoter, a qualified professional figure that the Camere system is
training. After a remote webinar training, we organized Digital Promoter
classroom training, guided through the theoretical and practical discovery on
topics of Industry 4.0.

While technical skills are essential to guide companies in the process of
digitization and technology implementation, it is also necessary to have a new
approach grow within the Camere di Commercio teams, that can also help change a
company's mindset. The aim of the week was to understand issues related to
Industry 4.0, through cases that could help digitally assess companies, but also
stimulate interest and curiosity, the ability to analyze and understand the
various contexts and links among content, the ability to work in a team, and an
aptitude for problem setting and solving. Additionally, it offered an
understanding of opportunities related to 4.0 technologies and knowledge of
Design Thinking methods.

UNIONCAMERE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Public Administration & No Profit • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
