A VALUE PROPOSITION TO TAP INTO NEW MOBILITY SPACE

------------------------------------------------------------

A value proposition to tap into New Mobility space

Emerging mobility forms such as ride-hailing or bike/car/e-scooter sharing are
rapidly shaping new habits and service ecosystems, and they are expected to grow
exponentially.

Our client, a leading multi-line insurer operating globally in 210+ countries,
wanted to position into this new mobility space to attract new customers —
shifting from car owners to multi-modal transportation users.

A comprehensive project supported our client in framing a new value proposition,
focusing on New Mobility, from strategy through design and go-to-market.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A value proposition to tap into New Mobility space

Explore business opportunities beyond the traditional ones and develop an
insurance proposition that could answer mobility companies' and users' needs.

A marketplace of insurance and services that mobility companies  could
incorporate into their apps, and users might add to their trips, paying per-
minute.

A new business line dedicated to New Mobility, with an agreement to start a
pilot in Europe with three sharing companies and 30+ potential partnerships
discussed.

Research - The project started with a mixed research approach (combining user
interviews, behavioral trends, and market analysis) to explore existing
insurance gaps and broader needs connected to new mobility lifestyles.

Proposition design - We envisioned a B2B2C proposition that enabled our client
to offer insurance solutions and added-value services to new mobility users,
indirectly, through mobility players' apps (e.g., car/bike/e-scooter sharing
apps).

We designed a portfolio of coverage and services priced per-minute (including
excess waiver, personal accident protection, theft protection, travel
assistance, maps and itineraries, etc.) that mobility companies could integrate
into their apps via API, and offer to their customers as trip add-ons.

MVP development - We supported the client in consolidating the first MVP,
defining business requirements, and creating an implementation roadmap with cost
estimation for the first wave of development.

Go-to-market and partnership - We supported the client in identifying and
establishing global partnerships with mobility companies, including high-level
pitches of proposition and co-design sessions. This was used to customize a
solution based on partners' needs to agree on the scope of the collaboration.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
