A VIDEO PODCAST SERIES ON LEADERSHIP BEHAVIOURS

------------------------------------------------------------

A video podcast series on Leadership Behaviours

In a work environment saturated with messages and constant updates, it is
crucial to identify the most effective communication format to convey
information that is essential to employees' work. Our proposal was based on the
production of a series of video pills structured around five key concepts:
modularity, to narrate multiple behaviours with a consistent tone; empathy, to
be relevant without being didactic; synthesis, to convey concepts clearly and
quickly; atmosphere, to engage and make content memorable; and multilingualism,
to facilitate localisation in the Group's various l

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

A video podcast series on Leadership Behaviours

A leading global luxury Group wanted to create a video series to introduce the
new Leadership Behaviours, key elements of the revamped performance management
process.

Ten pills plus one, somewhere between podcast and narrated infographic, in which
a coach figure, present only as a voice, guides the audience to discover the
Group's new Leadership Behaviors.

A series of easy-to-use video and audio content produced in two languages
(Italian and English). Internal content designed to be as engaging as external
communications.

Bloom On Air is a video series that uses an innovative format to take audiences
on a journey of discovery into the organisation's new Leadership Behaviours.

Ten pills plus one: Each behaviour is told in a recurring and consistent format,
preceded by an introductory pill that introduces and summarises all the
behaviours. This first episode provides an overview to give the listener the big
picture before going into detail on each behaviour.

A mix of podcast and infographic: The sonic atmosphere clearly evokes the real-
life contexts in which the behaviours are put into practice, creating a direct
link between theory and action. The rich, layered sound design accompanies each
episode, with a structure similar to that of a podcast, where sound punctuation
and pauses reflect an engaging narrative. The visual and aural language is
reminiscent of infographics, distilling the key messages for quick but memorable
enjoyment.The Bloom Coach: The narrator is the voice of the 'Bloom Coach', a
mentor who is direct and informal, guiding the listener with stimulating
questions, encouragement and practical examples. The coach interacts with the
audience as he or she would in a real coaching session, incorporating anecdotes
from an imaginary chorus of the group's employees to make the experience even
more real.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
