A VIRTUAL ASSISTANT TO CREATE TOURIST ITINERARIES IN CALABRIA REGION

REGIONE CALABRIA

------------------------------------------------------------

A virtual assistant to create tourist itineraries in Calabria region

In the ASSD research project - Semantic Social Driven Accelerators for the
generation of glocal tourist itineraries - we had 2 main objectives:- social
media analytics and detection of Point of interest in tourism; - the realization
of a multilingual chatbot that helps users to generate personalized touristic
itineraries for the Calabrian territory;

From the point of view of territorial development, the aim of the project is to
increase innovation in the tourism sector in Calabria.

REGIONE CALABRIA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

A virtual assistant to create tourist itineraries in Calabria region

Design and develop a chatbot that helps users to fill out a form to collect
information to generate a personalized travel itinerary in an interactive way.

We have developed a multilingual chatbot (in Italian, English and partially
Chinese) capable of satisfying the travel preferences of each individual user.

The virtual assistant, released into production in 2020, was deployed on the
project's two main channels: the website and the app. The project was completed
in December 2021.

Planning an itinerary for a vacation can take a lot of time, money and energy.
We need to search the web for all the main points of interest in a given
location, choose those most relevant to our interests and research how far apart
they are, in order to optimize time and organize a sensible itinerary. We could
also rely on a travel agency, but how much would that cost?

That's why the ASSD project has as a key component a free, fast and efficient
virtual assistant. You simply need to describe your interests, the duration and
type of trip you would like to take and you get a detailed customized itinerary
tailored to your needs. It's the ideal solution both for young people looking
for Instagrammable locations and for the worker who has half a day to get to
know the territory.

The chatbot speaks Italian, English and partially Chinese, making an holiday in
Calabria more attractive to foreign tourists as well. For the implementation of
multilingual paths, we implemented both language-independent modules for the
execution of commands and custom components for the recognition of specific
language patterns. After the design and development phases, we delivered the
chatbot in production and on multiple channels starting from 2020. The project
was completed in 2021.

REGIONE CALABRIA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
