A VIRTUAL ASSISTANT TO INCREASE INDEPENDENCE FOR REHABILITATION PATIENTS

REGIONE PIEMONTE E I.R.C.C.S. FONDAZIONE OSPEDALE SAN CAMILLO

------------------------------------------------------------

A virtual assistant to increase independence for rehabilitation patients

Post-stroke patients at San Camillo Hospital in Venice have to follow constant
rehabilitation to recover the use of their upper limbs, but it is not always
possible to go to the hospital. Patients must therefore perform the
rehabilitation therapy on their own, without someone to check the correct
execution of the exercises.

The RiMotivAzione research project has allowed us to develop a virtual assistant
that increases the independence of patients within a comprehensive and cutting-
edge platform that integrates different technologies.

REGIONE PIEMONTE E I.R.C.C.S. FONDAZIONE OSPEDALE SAN CAMILLO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Internal • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A virtual assistant to increase independence for rehabilitation patients

We developed a solution that would allow patients to both rehabilitate remotely
without the need to travel to the hospital and receive proper monitoring.

An app-integrated voice assistant that communicates with patients via voice,
providing all the instructions about exercises to carry out their
rehabilitation.

The research project concluded with the publication of two papers presented at
the conferences: LREC - Language Resources and Evaluation Conference and CLiC-
it.

RiMotivAzione was an industrial research and experimental development project of
the POR FESR Piemonte 2014-2020 plan, European Regional Development Fund,
reserved for companies associated with the Innovation Poles of the Piedmont
Region (in particular, the ICT Innovation Pole).

The joint work of several companies led to the creation of a platform able to
assist patients during their rehabilitation at home. The developed
conversational assistant has been integrated in an app and communicates through
natural language with the patients, indicating the exercises to be performed,
motivating and warning them in case an exercise has been performed incorrectly.

This is possible thanks to a smart bracelet that is worn by the patient and
sends to the app all the necessary information for the correct execution of the
rehabilitation.

The solution increases patients' independence and significantly decreases the
dropout rates of remote rehabilitation therapy.

REGIONE PIEMONTE E I.R.C.C.S. FONDAZIONE OSPEDALE SAN CAMILLO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Internal • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
