A VR SIMULATOR FOR EXTREMELY DANGEROUS SITUATIONS

------------------------------------------------------------

A VR simulator for extremely dangerous situations

Usually, maintenance at height needs to be simulated in an actual training
center with high maintenance costs. This also does not allow the possibility to
parallelize training sessions with multiple operators due to logistical issues.

To make internal training operations more efficient, the company – a leader in
the energy industry – worked with us to recreate a virtual workspace
environment, where the users (workers) could train and test, as many times they
wanted, different risky situations in a completely safe environment.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

A VR simulator for extremely dangerous situations

To prepare the employees to deal with any potential high-risk scenario that they
could face in real life while working in heights on wind turbines.

An immersive virtual reality simulator to learn, experience, and train for
potentially life-threatening activities.

Workers will be trained through VR to react to hazardous events that may occur
on wind turbines, in a safe environment.

After defining with the client which operations to re-create in virtual reality,
we carried out the first phase of inspection at the real training center, where
we collected the photographic references necessary to recreate the entire
scenario in 3D.

After collecting the material required, we started to build the simulative
scenario from scratch. After creating the 3D environment, where we set up the
virtual scene and prepared the work area with all the necessary elements, we
programmed all the interactions to complete the procedure.

As a final step, we designed the simulator which has been actively adopted by
the client in all its European locations, in its different training centers. 

An important aspect of the project is the collection and monitoring of the data
coming from each training session as, for example, workers' performance and
adherence to prescribed procedures.

Being able to control the work environment in a secure virtual space has
improved the user's learning experience, allowing them to focus on operations
without worrying about their own safety.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
