A VR SIMULATOR TO TRAIN AND UP-SKILL UTILITY WORKERS SAFELY

------------------------------------------------------------

A VR Simulator to train and up-skill utility workers safely

Gas and energy services are very risky by nature and therefore need a highly-
trained workforce. Training efforts and costs are considerable, as they require
re-creating potentially dangerous situations in a controlled environment.

To make internal training operations more efficient, one of the main gas storage
and distribution companies worldwide partnered with us to start a VR training
program, shaping a new, safe, flexible, and efficient training strategy for
employees.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

A VR Simulator to train and up-skill utility workers safely

Considering the risky and high-maintenance nature of their business, the new VR
training program had to prepare employees to deal with any potential scenarios
that might occur in real life.

A flexible VR Training Simulator, allowing workers to safely practice procedures
and take part in up-skilling programs, virtually performing the same tasks they
would in real-life situations.

The simulator was built to replicate every aspect of the real training, covering
standardized procedures in a tightly-controlled environment and preserving
worker's safety and security.

The initial step in the project cleared both hardware and logistical
requirements. Also, the first set of procedures to be simulated was defined.
This allowed for a closer look at the details of interactions and scenarios to
simulate. Visiting the physical locations involved in each procedure allowed us
to design and storyboard each scenario in detail. Engineering and building both
the 3D environments and interactions was the next step. Close collaboration and
validation from the client was key to ensure the appropriate information was
conveyed exactly as intended.

Finally, the first Virtual Reality setups were put together and the first
training experiences were deployed. The variety of interactions that were
possible were impressive: screwing in screws, tying cables, attaching objects to
name a few. But more importantly, data began to flow during each training
session, including system records data about the performance of the workers and
their adherence to prescribed procedures.

To provide meaningful content for up-skilling, assistive user interfaces were
activated to guide employees during the execution of a specific task. Science
tells us that our learning is affected in stressful situations. Being able to
control the environment to work in a safe VR space enhanced the experience even
more by allowing the trainee to focus on operations without needing to worry
about their safety.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
