A WEB APPLICATION FOR AUTOMATING THE CREATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT DOCUMENTS

------------------------------------------------------------

A web application for automating the creation of financial statement documents

The client, a provider of financial intermediation services, turned to us to
develop a tool capable of automatically generating financial statement annex
documents, i.e. documents containing summary tables and descriptions relating to
a financial year.The developed solution consists of a tailor-made web
application, which allows users to generate financial statement annex documents
for the entire portfolio of managed companies. The generated documents are then
exported from the application for further review steps before filing with the
relevant bodies.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

A web application for automating the creation of financial statement documents

Developing a tool capable of automatically generating financial statement annex
documents, i.e. documents containing summary tables and descriptions relating to
a financial year.

A web application for generating financial statement annex documents for the
portfolio of managed companies, to be exported for further review before filing
with the relevant bodies.

Significant reduction in time required for drafting and reviewing financial
statement annexes. Improvement of internal processes and quality of the annexes
in terms of accuracy and completeness.

The first phase of the project focused on the mapping and analysis of the
existing manual process, with the aim of understanding the necessary operations
for creating tables and descriptions in the annexes, as well as identifying the
most time-consuming parts and evaluate the degree of automation achievable for
each one.Subsequently, the user interface was designed and validated in several
steps with the customer, while the knowledge base used for automation was
designed and built (e.g. the rules for mapping balance sheet items into totals
and subtotals of the various tables).The interface and backend were developed
and the application was made available to the customer in beta stage to test
features, introduce improvements and fix bugs. It was later released into
production for the period of preparation and delivery of the financial
statements.The project also had a positive impact on the customer with regard to
rationalization of processes and data quality issues.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
