ACTIVATION MEETING 2025: BE BOLD, BE BRAVE, BE BAYER

BAYER

------------------------------------------------------------

Activation Meeting 2025: Be Bold, Be Brave, Be Bayer

Bayer Italia requested our support in organizing and designing the 2025
Corporate Activation Meeting. During 2024, Bayer Italia went through a journey
of business transformation, becoming a more horizontal organization, based on
shared ownership, with fewer hierarchies and more flexibility.The Activation
Meeting was to celebrate the courage to initiate and carry out this change,
facing challenges day by day, motivate participants, and spread confidence and a
sense of ownership for the future.

BAYER

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

Activation Meeting 2025: Be Bold, Be Brave, Be Bayer

Design and organize the annual corporate convention for Bayer Italy, celebrating
the company's recent business and organizational transformation.

An event dedicated to Bayer's entire Italian population, held on the H-FARM
campus entirely co-designed with the client and focused on the theme of courage.

460 participants for 3 days Activation Meeting, 8 thematic rooms for 8 different
serious game experiences. Internal and external speakers.

A format totally designed by our team that saw a take-over of the H-FARM Campus
by the client. We started by analyzing the scenario and strategic goals of the
event and translated them into a pay-off that left no room for doubt: Be Bold,
Be Brave, Be Bayer and into a three-day macro experience studded with micro-
experiences each designed to help transfer a concept, skill or message around
the theme of courage to face change and oneself. We designed the visual
identity, sound, videos and every aspect of the content and scouted external
speakers, took care of every logistical aspect, directing simultaneous
translation and moderation.  The audience chose the topics to be explored in the
thematic rooms, proposed, designed and delivered by the MAIZE team to transfer
their decades of experience in organization, innovation culture and
communication. ùTwo serious games on the themes of agile decision-making and
inclusiveness, an interactive exhibition on the theme of courage. A room
dedicated to Meaningful time and the conscious use of time at work, one
dedicated to Yogurt Organization and deadline hierarchies, a cinema room
dedicated to vulnerability, and two workshop moments dedicated to how to give
feedback and how to create the conditions for distributed leadership.

BAYER

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
