AERO 360° SMART, AN IOT D2C BUSINESS MODEL FOR A HUMIDITY ABSORBER

------------------------------------------------------------

AERO 360° Smart, an IoT D2C business model for a humidity absorber

In 2019, we assisted a client in the manufacturing industry to develop a new IoT
value proposition with a D2C (Direct-to-Consumer) business model identified
during a Business Design Sprint. 

We conducted an initial assessment concerning the desirability, feasibility and
viability of the concept and made a comparison to another D2C monthly
subscription value proposition aimed at innovating the current business model of
the product.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

AERO 360° Smart, an IoT D2C business model for a humidity absorber

Validate market interest, feasibility and business viability of two new D2C
business models conceived as an innovation for the current humidity absorber
device

Execution of a split test between the two concepts through a digital marketing
campaign in the UK market, scouting of external partners and development of a
thorough cost-pricing analysis

The results collected from the campaign and the KPIs selected for assessing
users' interest, feasibility and business viability justified further testing
only for the IoT business model

The project was structured in different phases leveraging an agile and lean
methodology. First, it was defined the IoT value proposition and its business
model during a Business Design Sprint co-design session. It followed an
experimentation phase with the aim to validate feasibility, viability and
interest of the concept in comparison to another version of the business model
charactered by a D2C monthly subscription. We developed two landing pages and
several visual assets related to the two value propositions. We then executed a
split test through a lead generation digital marketing adv campaign taking into
consideration a channel media mix that would resemble a real-life scenario. As
regards the feasibility of the new business model, we determined the additional
costs that were not covered by the current business model using a combination of
market research and cost assessment analysis. Moreover, we developed a pricing
model with multiple scenarios in order to determine the viability of the new
business models and their pricing strategies in comparison to the performance of
the current business model within two channels: Amazon and Brick&Mortar
retailers. During the last phase of the project, we focused on performing a
scouting activity with the objective to identify potential partners that would
be able to design the new IoT device wireframe as well as to develop the first
prototypes for a further beta testing phase.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
