AGEAS OPEN INNOVATION PROGRAM

AGEAS

------------------------------------------------------------

Ageas Open innovation Program

Grupo Ageas Portugal is an insurance company that wants to invest more in the
development of innovative projects in collaboration with startups, aiming to
help its business units face new challenges and have a positive impact on the
company.

The Innovation team asked our help to identify a structured method for the
search and selection of startups and to run a first test to validate the
collaboration (Proof of Concept).

With our support, the customer selected 5 startups and completed the PoC with
them within a year. Ageas then continued the collaboration with some of these
startups.

AGEAS

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Ageas Open innovation Program

Promote an innovation program that has a tangible impact on the company
business, involving key stakeholders and collaborating with startups.

A 12-month path that involves internal stakeholders and selected startups, to be
carried out in different phases: definition of the challenges, Call for
Startups, onboarding and execution of the PoCs.

We collected more than 200 applications by startups from 35 countries, and
carried out the Proof of Concept with the 5 selected ones. The customer is
continuing the collaboration with some of them.

Grupo Ageas Portugal is an insurance company that wishes to invest more in the
development of innovative projects in collaboration with startups, with the aim
of having a positive impact on the company.

The Innovation team asked for our support to identify a structured method for
the search and selection of startups and to run the first test to validate the
collaboration (Proof of Concept). After an initial phase of understanding the
context with interviews with the client's C-levels, we organized two workshops
that allowed us to identify three areas of interest in the project, then
translated into "challenges": Tech for Insurance, Future of Healthcare, and
Happy Human. With a Call for Startups supported by active scouting and
promotional activities, we have collected more than 200 applications from
companies in 35 countries. In the subsequent phases of Screening and Onboarding,
we supported the BUs in choosing the 5 startups most suited to their needs. With
the Ageas innovation team, the BUs, and the selected startups, we then defined
the scope of the Proof of Concept during a kick-off workshop, with a path
structured in 4 sprints, each of which included a co-design and an executive
phase. Once the PoCs were completed, the startups presented the results to
Ageas, while we developed a "Decision Paper" with suggestions on whether and how
to continue the collaboration with the startups.

AGEAS

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
