AGILE FACULTY, A PROGRAM TO SUPPORT THE CROSS-FUNCTIONAL COLLABORATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Agile Faculty, a program to support the cross-functional collaboration

“Contract game” is a term that describes a known phenomenon that often emerges
in companies whose digital activity becomes so substantial that it is no longer
sustainable in its current form and practice. The complexity of platforms and
digital solutions requires timely and quality delivery for which new ways of
working must be created. That's why the client has decided to start a
transformative program that aims to introduce and use agile as a framework for
change involving all business functions, stakeholders, and external suppliers.
Starting from an IT need this project became an Organisational Design matter
which affects the whole company. .

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Agile Faculty, a program to support the cross-functional collaboration

Find a new way of working to support timely delivery without compromising
quality, cross-functional collaboration, and interaction with external
providers.

The Agile faculty program is designed in phases where a Scrum team develops a
digital product and the overall organizational structure supports new delivery
teams and cross-functional collaboration.

The program is divided into 4 main activities: Discovery & understanding,
Education, Coaching & mentoring, Evolution & sustainability. Currently running 5
teams and supporting organizational impact.

The program was launched in 2022 with a Discovery & Understanding phase, which
was needed to map the entire IT ecosystem. In this phase, we analyzed
stakeholders, defined digital products, and identified program sponsors from
different parts of the organization. The next step involved an education and
inception phase of the first Scrum team. We created a cross-functional team,
defined the product and its backlog, and started experimenting with sprints. We
launched other teams supporting them with scrum masters, coaching, and training.
Product owners were identified from within the organisations and were onboarded
with the rest of the team. As the project scaled we introduced more teams and
conducted other training and inception moments during the whole 2023. The entire
program is accompanied by a supporting governance team that meets regulatory and
includes cross-functional executive stakeholders and sponsors whose role is to
ensure organizational barriers and obstacles are removed. The governance team
also works in parallel to create a long-term sustainable agile practice within
the company as many organizational dimensions are impacted.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
