AI-DRIVEN PERSONAS: A SEGMENTATION OF THE CUSTOMER BASE

------------------------------------------------------------

AI-driven personas: a segmentation of the customer base

Personas development is now a well-established practice for representing the
specific needs, goals and characteristics of customers in order to set
appropriate marketing strategies. Traditional top-down approaches to personas
development struggle to capture trends and needs that are not already known.

An Italian insurance company asked us to perform a clustering analysis on a
database of customers through profiling surveys. The resulting personas were
identified through thematic indicators to provide interesting and commercially
actionable insights.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------

AI-driven personas: a segmentation of the customer base

The identification of archetypal customer profiles, marked by a mix of
transactional and behavioral characteristics, in order to design their
experience in the best way possible.

A Machine Learning-based model that automatically extracts key, thematic,
actionable indicators by forming meaningful, homogenous clusters of customers.

Identification of 4 types of top-level personas according to the drivers of
business permeability and technology propensity. Personas become 11 based on
greater granularity of analysis.

The analysis of heterogeneous and often unstructured data (CRM, surveys, etc.)
conducted with the latest Machine Learning tools, allows to discover and map the
customer base avoiding to establish a priori customer behaviors.

The analysis activity carried out for an Italian insurance company was carried
out through 4 phases: a data collection from the customer's legacy systems with
a mapping of the attitudinal and behavioral properties of the customer base; a
definition of a circumscribed set of relevant indicators; a clustering analysis
on the indicators for the extraction of the most interesting parameters; a
formalization of the resulting personas with an association to them of the lines
of action to be taken into consideration. The identification of technological
propensity, commercial permeability and the most descriptive indicators allows
the personas to be used as a reference point for the definition of interventions
aimed at improving the experience with the insurance company.

The personas were created by means of an unsupervised analysis and the personal
data and branch intersection variables were not significant for clustering. This
makes it possible to no longer think in terms of marketing archetypes on the
basis of these characteristics, but on the basis of needs, propensities and
attitudes towards the use of services.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------
