AI ENGINE: PRICE BENCHMARKING FOR AUTO FINANCING

------------------------------------------------------------

AI engine: price benchmarking for auto financing

Automotive is an important segment of the credit access market. Finance
companies use advertisements and promotional content with financing terms and
rates in an unstructured format that is difficult for even humans to understand.

Given this need, a lending institution needs an automated system to extract
unstructured information from free text web data about vehicle characteristics,
finance company name, interest rates offered, number and amount of installments.
This information is processed, analyzed and finally transformed into structured
data.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

AI engine: price benchmarking for auto financing

Automation of the process of delivering structured data to the user regarding
relevant vehicles and offers. Information fruition through a user-friendly
dashboard.

Information extraction of free text from web pages regarding relevant automotive
information (vehicle features, list prices, payment installments).

A snapshot of the financing offerings landscape, emailed weekly to all lender
agents in Excel format and a dashboard for data analysis.

A lending institution's agents propose automobile financing to their customers.
In order to formulate competitive proposals, agents inform themselves about
financing offers advertised by other financial institutions (e.g. FCA Bank,
Santander).

Up-to-date offers are always available on the websites of carmakers, but also on
portals dedicated to the car world such as DriveK.it. An internal working group
has the task of reading the advertised offers and compiling a summary
highlighting the points of greatest interest for the agents (e.g. TAN and APR).
The client decided to make an investment in automating and enhancing the
process.

We set up a software to analyze daily updated data, combining structured data
(e.g. list price) with other information extracted from the text of the offer
(e.g. TAN and APR). To support agents, we've also developed a Tableau dashboard
that provides a more accessible view into analytics data. The dashboard allows
you to discover, with a few clicks, the average TAN and APR parameters for
groups of vehicles selected by the user on the basis of criteria such as
availability for immediate delivery, vehicle brand, or the institution providing
the financing.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
