AI FOR RISK PREDICTION IN THE HEALTH & SAFETY AREA

ENI

------------------------------------------------------------

AI for risk prediction in the Health & Safety area

A large multinational, leader in the energy sector, asked us to develop an
artificial intelligence capable of using all available data to prevent work-
related injuries.

Because key data were collected as (multi-language) free text, our expertise in
Natural Language Processing allowed us to develop a prototype that, after a
pilot phase, has been implemented in a new application for health and safety,
capable of monitoring sites worldwide.

ENI

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

AI for risk prediction in the Health & Safety area

Identify the most relevant and frequent causes of accidents, in order to prevent
future ones, by analyzing reports about unsafe conditions or acts (called weak
signals).

Machine learning algorithms that extract keywords from the reports, aggregate
them in patterns (frequent dangerous situations) and detect sites at higher
risk, through a statistical Indicator.

We detected tens of latent dangerous situations worldwide and showed AI
capabilities. New health and safety working procedures, based on Machine
Learning, have been initiated by the client.

In the field of occupational safety, it is crucial to identify the most relevant
and frequent causes of accidents, in order to prevent them in the future.
Available data present an important distinction: serious accidents are rare and
well documented, while dangerous conditions and behaviors (weak signals) are
collected in the form of an abundant unstructured report in free text.
Premonitory signs of accidents must be identified in the weak signals and used
to produce an accurate risk scenario.

Our AI solution, intended for Safety Managers, was developed in Agile/Scrum
mode, with a mixed  MAIZE team (Data Scientists and Computational Linguists) and
client (Data Scientists and Occupational Safety Experts).

Through multi-language NLP, the general type of risk (eg. "contact with moving
part") is extracted from the weak signals, together with keywords that denote
the dangerous areas or objects (eg. "grinder") and the human factors involved
(eg. "distraction"). The component of pattern mining, efficient and scalable,
compares the weak signals with the accident history to identify recurring risk
patterns, that is, combinations of keywords that could again lead to an
accident.

The resulting predictive model combines all the information available to produce
a synthetic risk score at the level of a single site or geographical area.

ENI

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
