AIDA, A CHATBOT FOR DIABETICS

NOVO NORDISK ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

AIDA, a chatbot for diabetics

Novo Nordisk is a global healthcare company with more than 90 years of
innovation and leadership in diabetes care. In the past few years, the company's
interest in technology and innovation significantly increased, generating new
projects and initiatives.

Novo Nordisk asked for our support to create a digital assistant (chat and
voice) that simplified the ways in which diabetic patients, caregivers, and
diabetologists get information, ask questions, and eliminate doubts about the
pathology.

NOVO NORDISK ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

AIDA, a chatbot for diabetics

Starting from an understanding of the digital health market and the needs of
diabetes patients, develop a digital assistant with high technological
performance and emotional empathy.

AIDA, a chatbot and vocal assistant giving certificated scientifically-based
answers and analyzing questions from an emotional point of view.

AIDA is the first Italian chatbot for diabetes answering questions related to
the prevention and effects of the disease. We reached +8K unique users (patients
and caregivers) and +25K interactions.

The path we proposed was structured as follows:

Secondary research: desk research focused on digital health trends and case
studies.

Primary research: analysis and synthesis of two focused groups that involved
doctors and diabetic patients.

A co-design workshop to define the proper content of the chatbot by
collaborating four-handedly with Novo Nordisk, a psychologist and five diabetes
specialists in the generation of certified questions and answers.

Identity: we designed the graphic concept of AIDA that could express trust and
reliability by detaching from the traditional figure of the doctor, and
developed the official landing page containing also some thematic video clips.

Development: our NLP and AI team took care of the technological implementation
and integration with Telegram, Facebook Messenger and Amazon Echo.

AIDA was able to answer questions related to the daily life of a person with
diabetes, give advice on lifestyle, sport and nutrition.Launched with a
communication campaign in October 2020 through digital and offline PR activities
and digital advertising, at the end of 2021 we activated a crowdsourcing
activity to collect questions and answers from doctors and specialists.

NOVO NORDISK ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
