ALL4IDEAS 2022, AN INTERNAL INNOVATION PROGRAM

------------------------------------------------------------

all4ideas 2022, an internal innovation program

The company offers an integrated ecosystem of IT, baking and service
solutions designed to deliver optimized performance and opportunities to their
customer banks.

Their mission strives towards continuous improvement and business model
innovation.

Indeed, they purposefully invest in internal innovation programs that encourage
the generation of ideas to improve client-facing services.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

all4ideas 2022, an internal innovation program

Develop an innovation path aimed at involving the workforce in growing an
innovative mindset and enhancing talents creating tangible results on the
business.

A multi-phases program with a double objective: involve as many people as
possible (with a call for ideas open to the entire workforce) and generate
concrete and valuable ideas.

An 8 month long innovation program, 200 involved people, 5 ideas selected by the
leadership team and accelerated with the support of MAIZE.

After having defined the objectives, the timeline and expectations together with
the client's core team, we conducted an internal research phase (with the goal
of identifying business & strategy priorities) and an external research one (to
intercept cross-industry cases among customer trends, startups and
technologies).

The collected material has been clustered in macro-areas of opportunities and
used as the base for the brief-definition workshop with the leadership team.
Once the briefs were defined, the actual call for ideas phase was launched:
participants were divided into teams and proposed their solution. The objective
was to collect valuable ideas. MAIZE organized a series of educational workshops
on the topic of Business Design with a practical approach, where all
participants were invited.

At the end of the ideas collection phase, the jury selected 5 of the most
interesting ones, to be accelerated through the LEAP program, which has the
objective to define a complete and coherent business model along with an
incremental development plan.

Once the acceleration phase will be completed an internal event will be
organized where teams will present their ideas through an elevator pitch and the
jury will declare the winner.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
