ALLEANZA SMILE, A PROGRAM TO IMPROVE AN AGENTS' SOCIAL LITERACY

ALLEANZA ASSICURAZIONI

------------------------------------------------------------

Alleanza Smile, a program to improve an agents' social literacy

Alleanza Assicurazioni, an Italian insurance — company part of the Generali
Group — needed to educate agents about the correct use of social media to
maintain communication with their clients, as a part of the relationships on
those channels.

The Smile project was born for the social literacy of Alleanza's agents' network
and it consisted of a training Bootcamp, an editorial manual for the correct and
professional use of social networks, a review of the agents' Facebook profiles,
an e-learning path on digital and social network issues, a launch video, and a
video testimonial.

ALLEANZA ASSICURAZIONI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Alleanza Smile, a program to improve an agents' social literacy

The main challenge was to accompany Alleanza's agents on a digital education
path on the correct use of social channels, increasingly used by customers as
the main tool for communicating with brands.

An e-learning path for the whole network, a training bootcamp for the best
agents, two videos to launch and explain the project and a couple of training
manuals to support agents' social activity.

The best agents were supported in the creation of their professional Facebook
pages. To help them manage these channels during their daily activities they
were also supported by an editorial manual.

First we made a motion graphic launch video to present the Smile project to the
entire agents' network. At the same time we created e-learning modules for
social and digital online training. The main topics included: how customer
relationships have changed online and on social media, how to correctly behave
online, personal branding, advantages of using social network inside a company,
Facebook, and LinkedIn.

The best agents had the chance to participate in a two-day bootcamp at Alleanza
HQ, where they could learn the contents of the online courses in a live mode.
During these two days they were also supported in the creation of their
respective professional pages on Facebook and in managing these newly created
pages we provided them with an editorial manual full of tips and best practices
to create posts, respond to customers, feed the page with interesting content,
and create efficient self-promotion, following the best rules of personal
branding.

The best agents also shared testimonials for a promotional video for internal
use.

At the end of a test period, we analyzed the agents' social pages and created a
review document to highlight their successes and areas for improvement.

ALLEANZA ASSICURAZIONI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
