ALLIANZ1 BUSINESS: A SEMANTIC MULTICATALOG SEARCH ENGINE

ALLIANZ

------------------------------------------------------------

Allianz1 Business: a semantic multicatalog search engine

The Allianz Group is one of the world's leading providers of integrated
financial services. The Italian branch of Allianz provides users with online
quotation services, and in the domain of business insurance, it is not always
intuitive to frame one's business and obtain quotes that suit one's needs.

In order to facilitate the searchability of information and allow professionals
to get insurance quotes for their business, Allianz asked us for a software
application capable of interpreting users' natural language.

ALLIANZ

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Allianz1 Business: a semantic multicatalog search engine

A software application integrated in the customer infrastructure that allows
users to find information and generate their own business insurance coverage.

A semantic search engine with natural language interpretation and integrated
suggester that can provide users with business insurance coverage that fits
their needs.

Allianz1 Business has been integrated into a client landing page and allows
professionals with up to 5 employees to get an insurance quote in a simple and
intuitive way.

The Italian branch of Allianz provides users with online quoting services and
business insurance profiles depend on the ATECO code. Users rarely remember the
code of their business and abandon the search as it is complex and not easily
usable.

To facilitate searchability, we have integrated Allianz1 Business, a semantic
search engine with an integrated suggester capable of interpreting natural
language, into the client's systems.

The system allows you to describe your business both in colloquial language
register and in more formal terms. The system interprets the request and
provides the results of the vast catalog directly in the suggester, bypassing
the results page. The user proceeds with the request for quote by filling out a
single form with 3 fields: a search box in which to enter keywords about your
business, details on the number of employees up to a maximum of 5 and the zip
code of the place where the activity is carried out, even if different from the
registered office.

By inserting these simple data, and without having to find less accessible
information such as the ATECO code, the professional immediately receives an
insurance quote that adheres significantly to the initial request.

ALLIANZ

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
