AN APP IS ALL YOU NEED: FOSTERING LEARNING IN A BANKING AND INNOVATION EXECUTIVE
MASTER

MEDIOLANUM

------------------------------------------------------------

An app is all you need: fostering learning in a Banking and Innovation Executive
Master

Banca Mediolanum is a leading Italian bank founded by Ennio Doris in 1997. It
soon became Italy’s first online bank, leveraging professionals called Family
Bankers —chartered financial advisors and experts for their clients' savings and
investments.

All Family Bankers are continuously trained at the Mediolanum Corporate
University in Milan. In 2016, Mediolanum Corporate University asked us to design
a digital environment to foster learning and engage Top Family Banker m﻿anagers
during the first Banking and Innovation Management Executive Master (BIMEX).

MEDIOLANUM

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

An app is all you need: fostering learning in a Banking and Innovation Executive
Master

Design a digital space where Executives could find presentations, handouts and a
lessons calendar, be tested, give feedback, and record their presence while
attending a Master.

A hybrid app and web space that managers could access by installing the App on
the iPad or PC. A CMS through which trainers could manage all communications and
distribute learning materials.

For BIMEX's first edition, Mediolanum Corporate University was awarded with 1st
prize AIF Adriano Olivetti. The program involved more than 300 executives in
Italy and led to a second edition.

BIMEX was a digital ecosystem which allowed managers participating in the
Banking and Innovation Management Executive Master to be in touch with
Mediolanum Corporate University trainers at all times. Through the dedicated
app, users can register their attendance, learn about class dates and times,
stay updated if there are changes in the program, learn more about the speakers
and access the dedicated learning environment, where users can find all
documents, videos and training materials related to classes and tests. All they
needed was the App installed on the iPad or PC.

MCU staff could reach managers and trainers via push notifications, update the
content in the digital repository and track manager’s performance, all from the
CMS. As an added value of the learning experience and to engage participants
more in the learning journey, trainers can activate a secret section of the app
at specific times to trigger a gaming experience. “Al”, a rather mysterious
character, through a series of videos and notifications, claimed he was
contacting the managers from a distant future where the world's knowledge was in
great peril. Divided into teams, mission after mission, document after document,
managers were asked to help Al to reassemble the world’s lost knowledge by
getting in contact with the training material in an unexpected and playful way.

MEDIOLANUM

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
