AN EXPERIENCE TO SELF-RECOGNIZE IN THE VALUES AND CORPORATE STRATEGY

ALLEANZA ASSICURAZIONI

------------------------------------------------------------

An experience to self-recognize in the values and corporate strategy

Alleanza Assicurazioni wishes to organize a new event dedicated to the figure of
the inspector (mid-high level management) and the evolution of their role in
line with corporate strategies. We have designed an experience that combines all
the elements necessary to accelerate the evolution and expression of their role,
leading participants to gain awareness and reflect on their added value within
the organization. Team spirit, entrepreneurship, transparency, and the desire to
act cohesively will allow you, the participants, to outline the elements that
make up the Alliance of the future.

ALLEANZA ASSICURAZIONI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

An experience to self-recognize in the values and corporate strategy

Organize an event dedicated to the new role of the "inspector", with the aim of
sharing, activating, engaging, and improving the sense of unity within the team
of approximately 50 inspectors.

An experience to recognize oneself in the company's values ​​becomes the
cornerstone for finding motivation and building a sense of responsibility.

A first event consisting of 2 days of activities for 60 participants from all
over Italy, followed by 2 additional follow-up events on topics emerged from the
first one.

To ensure that change management doesn't seem like mere marketing, people must
feel integral to the change. Creating an event provides a safe environment to
experiment with new dynamics and concepts, placing the audience at the core.

On these foundations, we've crafted a two-day experience featuring various
activities blended together to create the rhythm of a new story.

Plenary sessions: Top-down moments to align all participants on the topics
discussed, the experience's objectives, and to share Alleanza's expectations.

Workshops: Activities for discussion, debate, and co-design. They aim to delve
into specific content and integrate new pieces of thinking.

Serious games: We leverage game dynamics to "live" and experience soft skills,
conduct team building, and strengthen cohesion, listening skills, and
collaboration within the group.

Participatory installations: We enable an alternative way of debriefing.
Participatory installations allow participants to answer questions while
receiving real-time feedback.

ALLEANZA ASSICURAZIONI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
