AN ENGAGING FULLY REMOTE ANNUAL CONVENTION

------------------------------------------------------------

An engaging fully remote annual convention

The client, an international pharmaceutical leader, wanted to organize an annual
conference as a fully remote engaging experience to consolidate and celebrate
the innovation process and of the new mindset.

We developed a multi-stream project culminating in an engaging digital event for
450 people lasting 4 hours and with over 20 speakers.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

An engaging fully remote annual convention

Align the participants on the organisation yearly results, emphasize the
organisational agile transformation process, and empower participants to be the
enablers of this change.

An exciting fully remote 3-week long experience for 450 employees set in a
dedicated platform and accompanied by a multi-channel communication campaign,
that culminated with an engaging 4-hour event.

Participants engagement, and consolidation and celebration of the corporate
transformation process and its new mindset.

To engage participants in the corporate transformation journey, a narrative
metaphor of a space mission was suggested and reflected in all graphic assets.
The event and all the preliminary engagement activities were delivered through a
digital platform developed ad hoc. Before the event, all the participants were
engaged in a digital business game, Paperleaves, which for 3 weeks tested their
agile working capabilities, in line with the new corporate mission. At the same
time, the game was a great opportunity for team building and networking. The
game culminated in the award ceremony during the live event. To support the
audience in this activity, provide them with all the necessary event-related
information and stimulate their interest, a dedicated multi-channel
communication campaign was launched. To ensure the quality of the output, MAIZE
also provided support to the speakers for the creation, choice of format, pre-
registration, and post-production treatment of their speeches. The dynamism of
the event's agenda ensured constant engagement of all participants through a
succession of creative presentation formats and audience engagement activities
such as polls, live quizzes, and digital treasure hunts.

After the event, each participant was given the opportunity to access
maize.PLUS, an e-learning platform developed by MAIZE, in order to reinforce the
new mindset and enhance the business transformation process.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
