AN EMPLOYER BRANDING CAMPAIGN WITH EMPLOYEES AS STORYTELLERS

------------------------------------------------------------

An employer branding campaign with employees as storytellers

For our client, leader in the eyewear industry, people are the most valuable
asset and the heart of its employer branding and talent attraction strategy.

Group Talent and Employer Branding team was interested in enhancing the content
of its Career page, focusing on employee stories through a dedicated campaign on
social media.

The main objective of the campaign was to increase awareness around current open
positions, capturing the attention of potential candidates and talents
interested in a career at the company.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

An employer branding campaign with employees as storytellers

Identify a communication concept to launch a new employer branding and talent
attraction campaign through the client social channels (Instagram, Facebook, and
LinkedIn).

A communication concept for different social assets, a communication strategy,
and guidelines for visual identity and copy tone of voice.

A campaign with the twofold objective of attracting talent interested in
specific career paths (through sponsored content) while increasing the client's
reputation as an employer of choice.

The primary goal of this campaign was to help the Group Talent and Employer
Branding team attract spontaneous applications from talent interested in
contributing to the Group's creative vision.

The concept was inspired by the assumption that people are looking for
authenticity, identification, and meaningful stories in which they can frame
themselves. Candidates, regardless of their career level, are looking for a
place where they can design a unique path and value themselves and their own
growth.

Three employees' stories published on the website were translated into three
"story packs," each consisting of a "pack" of different assets, specifically
designed for social channels and the related target.

Through visually appealing paid Instagram stories and LinkedIn posts, we
addressed people who were looking for a new challenge, telling them that the
Group could be the right place to start their story. Once their curiosity was
piqued, this target audience would be inspired to take part in this journey. 

With organic Instagram, Facebook, and LinkedIn posts we shared the authentic
experiences of those who were already part of this story, including how it
started, their feelings, and achievements. 

The social campaign included a posting strategy and editorial plan.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
