AN IMMERSIVE AND INTERACTIVE DIGITAL ONBOARDING FOR A LUXURY BRAND

------------------------------------------------------------

An immersive and interactive digital onboarding for a luxury brand

For a global Group, a tailored onboarding process is crucial to immerse new
employees in the Group's culture and values in a meaningful way. MAIZE designed
several SCORM modules integrated into the existing LMS, which converge into a
single interactive journey. From an overview of the company to the depiction of
production sites to make the experience more engaging and vivid, and addressing
CSR and sustainability topics, we mapped, reorganized, and refined the tone and
approach through which to convey the content, creating a coherent, engaging, and
global experience enriched with documentary-style videos and interactive
materials.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

An immersive and interactive digital onboarding for a luxury brand

Converging diverse content into a unified digital space accessible globally,
centralizing and harmonizing onboarding while balancing comprehensive
storytelling with effective synthesis.

Several SCORM modules converge into an integrated path within the existing LMS,
telling the identity and values through documentary-style videos, interactive
content, and elegant design.

A digital onboarding experience that integrates all fragmented content into a
single coherent, dynamic, and accessible journey, facilitating the integration
of new hires.

Welcoming people into a new work environment means ensuring clarity, simplicity,
and consistency to promote effective integration within the organization. In
response to this need, MAIZE was tasked with designing a digital onboarding
process with the goal of centralizing content and enhancing the discovery
experience, allowing employees the freedom to explore the content independently
while being guided by an inspiring narrative. Starting from the rationalization
of existing materials, the journey was designed to tell the company's core
through a narrative thread that unites heritage, corporate values, and practical
information about the Group's operations. The module was enriched with a variety
of formats, including infographics, videos, text blocks, and game-like
interactions that diversify the experience. The videos, produced with a
documentary approach, show the Group's value chain, covering production phases
with attention to details, gestures, and the atmosphere of the places. To give a
sense of continuity and refinement, the video editing alternates contemplative
moments with more dynamic scenes, accompanied by an electroacoustic soundtrack
and typographic animations. Additionally, an internal video teaser was created
to launch the project, providing an engaging and motivational introduction for
new hires.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
