AN INSIGHTFUL LOOK INTO COMPANY'S FUNCTIONS: RE-DESIGN THEIR TRAINING CONTENT

------------------------------------------------------------

An insightful look into company's functions: re-design their training content

Our client, leader in the eyewear market, continually invests in the training of
its employees, both to keep them updated on the latest market news and internal
training topics.

Insight was a project to collect, rework, and design the Company's functional
content for internal training, especially for training future managers.

Insight was a coordinated project that aims to describe in a coherent way the
different corporate functions through online and offline activities and
materials.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

An insightful look into company's functions: re-design their training content

The project started from the need to train the company's future managers on
different corporate functions.

A presentation design session with the head of each function, to structure
presentations for each speech and generate the necessary content for the
creation of support materials.

We took care of the arrangement and design of the lesson presentations and the
creation of a poster and booklet to sum up all the functions' useful content.

The first step for each function was an alignment meeting with the different
Heads of function for the collection of training materials and the definition of
the main content that each trainer needed to provide for lessons.

Based on the collected materials, the second step was the development of a
concept and the content design and structure of the training day.

The third step was the production of all necessary training documents and
materials:

1) The poster gave a synthetic overview of the training topics for the single
Function and was distributed as an event gadget.

2) The booklet was another gadget distributed to participants and contained a
complete agenda of the training day, the poster infographic, and a two-page
presentation for each lesson.

3) The Function presentation was the core of the training material to support
offline lessons and personal online updates. Its organization, content
treatment, layout, and graphic design guaranteed a coherent treatment among the
different Functions.

During the training days, we were also involved in the shooting and audio
recording of every lesson. The edited videos were then uploaded online
internally.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
