AN INNOVATION LAB TO FOSTER NEW IDEAS AND OPPORTUNITIES WITHIN THE COMPANY

GENERALI REAL ESTATE

------------------------------------------------------------

An Innovation Lab to foster new ideas and opportunities within the company

The client, an important player in the insurance industry, is also one of the
world's leading real estate asset managers, with approximately €31 billion in
assets under management as of 30 September 2020.

To foster an innovation culture within the company, we designed a program aimed
to create an Innovation Lab, developed together with the client.

The objective was to offer all employees space and resources to contribute to
shaping their company's future.

GENERALI REAL ESTATE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

An Innovation Lab to foster new ideas and opportunities within the company

Stimulating new ideas and opportunities within the company by creating a "Lab"
that allows the sharing of ideas and best practices among employees.

This process, which started with interviews and trend analyses to get to know
the company in depth, ended with a workshop during which the Lab's manifesto was
written.

The establishment of a new Innovation Lab complete with all the main elements:
objectives, KPIs to be monitored, people responsible for the project, and space
for activities.

To create an internal Innovation Lab, which would allow all employees to have
tools and resources to develop new ideas, a path was designed together with the
client, divided into the following steps:

Context: we conducted about 20 one-to-one interviews with all the front lines.
This activity was fundamental to obtain a complete overview of the client's
business reality.

To understand in detail the market potentialities, we conducted interviews even
with the tenants, collecting fundamental insights for the definition of the
Innovation Lab.

Workshop: following the analysis activity, a two-day workshop was prepared and
conducted, held in our headquarters.

The workshop was attended by more than 20 employees from all over Europe, to
define together the essential elements of the Innovation Lab, such as the
manifesto, the people responsible for the project, the KPIs to be monitored and
the resources to be allocated.

Innovation Lab Setup: following the workshop activity, our team rationalized the
contents and insights that emerged during the 2 days.

In this way, it was possible to give back to the client a document that
contained and summarized all the fundamental elements for the Innovation Lab's
constitution.

GENERALI REAL ESTATE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
