AN IMMERSIVE TOUR OF THE ECONYL® BRAND.

AQUAFIL

------------------------------------------------------------

An immersive tour of the ECONYL® brand.

ECONYL® regenerated nylon is a product of Aquafil, a global leader in the
synthetic fibres industry and a pioneer in quality, innovation, and
sustainability.

Aquafil asked us to rethink the traditional in-person tour of the U.S. and
Slovenian plants to offer a remote experience and take users on a discovery
journey of its innovative nylon 6 regenerating process.

AQUAFIL

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

An immersive tour of the ECONYL® brand.

Transform the traditional in-person visit to manufacturing plants into a 100%
digital and remote visit.

An experience that mixes TV and cinematic styles and welcomes and engages the
viewer through a visual journey inside ECONYL®, its uniqueness, and locations.

An invitation-only virtual experience of approximately 1 hour where live and
prerecorded elements are mixed to accompany the user to discover the 4
production steps of nylon regeneration.

ECONYL® on air aims to build a digital solution that allows the client to
organize and deliver immersive virtual tour experiences of the Slovenian plants
where ECONYL® is produced.

After an analysis and site inspection phase, aimed at understanding the context
and content for the creation of the experience, we built an online platform that
allows to deliver broadcast and live streaming content, according to a narrative
scheme designed to be effective and engaging for the users involved in the
experience.

The platform is designed to facilitate the organization of the virtual visit: it
provides a simple dashboard that allows the ECONYL® team to organize visit
sessions and manage participants.

The experience involves all users logging on to the platform. The visit flow
includes broadcast sessions, during which participants are invited to
simultaneously watch video content, and live streaming Q&A sessions, during
which users can engage with each other, ask questions, and interact in real
time, thanks to an integrated video conferencing space.

The experience is divided into chapters, which correspond to the four phases of
the ECONYL® product life cycle.

AQUAFIL

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
