AN INTERACTIVE MICROLEARNING JOURNEY TO PROMOTE DE&I

GRUPPO PRADA

------------------------------------------------------------

An interactive microlearning journey to promote DE&I

For a group operating in the luxury fashion sector, raising awareness and
providing training on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE&I) represents the
first crucial step in a broader roadmap that includes numerous initiatives aimed
at promoting a safe, empathetic, and respectful work environment. MAIZE has
developed an interactive and engaging microlearning journey designed to address
unconscious biases, explore the use of inclusive language, and recognize
violence in all its forms, fostering a cultural shift in the habits and daily
actions of employees, with the ultimate goal of achieving gender equality
certification.

GRUPPO PRADA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

An interactive microlearning journey to promote DE&I

Creating a training path on DE&I topics that encourages participation from the
entire workforce and supports the goal of achieving gender equality
certification.

Three interactive microlearning courses and a teaser video designed to raise
employee awareness of DE&I topics, focusing on unconscious bias, inclusive
language, and violence.

A training journey that not only educates but inspires, stimulating awareness
and proactive change by working on the individual growth path of each person.

A leading company in the luxury sector sought support to develop training on the
fundamentals of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE&I). This project represents
the first step in a broader and more ambitious initiative that will lead the
organization to officially obtain certification on gender equality. Our goal was
to highlight the uniqueness of the Group's people, creating a safe work
environment based on empathy and mutual respect. During the design of the
training program, we recognized the importance of creating a tool capable of
overcoming potential resistance and fostering positive, inclusive change. An
educational experience that helps employees deeply understand issues related to
unconscious biases, inclusive language, and the various forms of violence. The
output consists of three microlearning courses, each addressing aspects related
to DE&I topics above. The courses are brief but highly interactive, utilizing
media, texts, and educational content to ensure an accessible learning
experience. Through e-learning, we created scenarios and situations that
stimulate reflection, enabling individuals to understand how to act for profound
cultural change starting from everyday behaviors. We also produced a teaser
video to internally launch the program, highlighting the objectives, structure,
and impact of the DE&I training.

GRUPPO PRADA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
