AN INTERNAL PLATFORM TO EMBRACE A NEW APPROACH TO CORPORATE LEARNING

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal platform to embrace a new approach to corporate learning

The client, one of the biggest players in the Italian insurance market, needed a
new space dedicated to broadening the knowledge of its workforce, overcoming the
limits of the compulsory training usually provided within the company. Also, a
change in formats, language, and communications of the learning content was
required.

Our solution to these needs was the creation of a branded version of our
maize.PLUS platform.

The platform has been adopted by the overall 1700 employees of the client.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal platform to embrace a new approach to corporate learning

Identify new formats and contents to foster innovative trends and disruptive
scenarios within the company, going beyond the traditional learning habits.

A training tool that can be used in an autonomous way, with quality content, a
smart and engaging format, conveyed in a fluent and friendly language.

In the first 2 months: 10% of users completed the initial self-assessment; 70%
of users who started a course and completed it.

Starting in 2019, the client began a process of spreading the culture of change
and innovation that started with targeted projects on small segments of the
corporate population but needed a tool that would allow it to scale across all
the different Departments and Companies.

The maize.PLUS platform, developed by MAIZE, had a number of features suited to
the purpose: short formats, adaptable to the work rhythms of all professional
figures, free navigation, to stimulate interest-driven use, a fresh language, to
distinguish from more traditional platforms.

In order to improve employees' engagement, the platform has been customized with
personalized courses, dedicated to internal projects, and an "ad hoc" brand has
been created, consistent with company policies and communicated by a teaser
video.

The platform, accessible to a total of around 1,700 employees, immediately
showed a higher rate of adoption than other voluntary initiatives. In fact, no
specific obligations or bonuses were defined for the use of the new platform,
encouraging the spirit of initiative and interest in spontaneous and autonomous
growth.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
