AN INTERNAL APP TO SHARE INSIGHTS AND SUGGESTIONS FOR IMPROVEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal app to share insights and suggestions for improvement

One of the largest Italian companies in the electricity distribution and
measurement industry relied on a very articulated and non-inclusive process for
collecting issues and ideas from its employees. Most of the contributions
collected were unusable due to a lack of information or sources. 

For this reason, this company requested our support to redesign this process and
to develop a transparent and meritocratic tool that would enhance the ideas
coming from employees at all levels - A system that would show a concrete
commitment of the company towards its employees.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal app to share insights and suggestions for improvement

Improve and digitalize the current problem reporting process that is inefficient
and non-inclusive

Development of a co-design project to redesign the system through the direct
contribution of potential users to the generation of product features that would
efficiently meet their needs

A cross-platform app that provides internal stakeholders with the right tools
for the completion of their tasks, ranging from real-time reporting to the
prioritization and implementation of ideas

The project was structured according to 4 main phases:

An initial alignment meeting to set up the project, define the objectives, map
the current flow of the process and collect the assumptions made by the client
with respect to the ideal scenario. A user research phase consisting of
interviews conducted in person and remotely with employees at all levels
representing the main user personas involved in the current process and the
ideal one. A first-level concept that integrated the needs and insights gathered
during the research phase. This phase focused on the definition of the
platform's new value proposition. A co-design workshop with the core team of the
client to define the MVP and functionalities to be developed in the first
version of the platform.

As a result of this project, we designed a native app for the collection, co-
envisioning, and exchange of new ideas dedicated to the entire population of the
company. An environment where employees can submit their own ideas, endorse
others’ ideas, follow them, and vote to promote their realization. This solution
represented also a management platform for team leaders to support the
validation, selection, and management of submitted ideas and to identify which
ones can be implemented in a quick and meritocratic way.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
