AN INTERNAL COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN TO SUPPORT A NEW LEADERSHIP MODEL

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal communication campaign to support a new leadership model

Responsible leadership is a philosophy that needs to be communicated effectively
so that it can be interpreted as a concrete change in the corporate context. We
started by defining a manifesto for this new model, a narrative concept and a
visual identity that would give clarity and recognisability to this
transformation path.We then created an internal communication campaign with the
aim of informing, involving and supporting employees in adopting the new
behaviours.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

An internal communication campaign to support a new leadership model

Leadership is one of the most relevant aspects of a corporate culture. The
client asked for help in communicating the model effectively and offering tools
for behavioural adoption.

The campaign provided employees with the tools to better understand what
leadership is, mixing online and offline elements to maximise both the power of
the message and its reach.

The success of the campaign was achieved through the creation of 3 levels of
involvement: Communication of the pillars; Tasks to be carried out ; Creation of
a monthly challenge.

Accountability, transparency and performance management. Principles that only
make a difference when they are understood and disseminated. The communication
campaign supported a training programme to accompany people through this
transition in a comprehensive and engaging way.After co-creating the identity,
narrative metaphor and tone of voice of the communication, we developed the
campaign editorial plan with three main objectives:1. Raise awareness: through
timely, clear and easy-to-understand information through a mix of formats: video
and assets both online and offline.2. Inspiration and journaling: we designed
and delivered a practical tool given to each participant, inspired by the Wreck
this Journal format. A logbook in which to jot down one's experiences, exercise
through practical hints and be inspired by more or less well-known stories.3. E:
the campaign also included a contest in which people were asked to solve some
puzzles through clues contained in the communication and training materials.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
