AN INTERACTIVE MOBILE GUIDE TO SHANGHAI IN A MULTILINGUAL PDF FOR A LUXURY BRAND

------------------------------------------------------------

An interactive mobile guide to Shanghai in a multilingual PDF for a luxury brand

The objective of the project was to transform a guidebook produced in a
traditional, printable format, while maintaining the recognisable and
distinctive brand identity, into a modern and usable format. The client wanted
to create an interactive PDF guide, optimised to be accessible and easy to use
on mobile devices. Careful consideration of visual and functional details was
required, incorporating elements such as internal links, clickable buttons and
intuitive navigation, to improve usability and accessibility on smartphones.
This would have enabled the client to offer a useful and versatile tool, adapted
to the context of use.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

An interactive mobile guide to Shanghai in a multilingual PDF for a luxury brand

Transforming an existing print product into an interactive PDF guide accessible
on mobile devices

We provided the customer with the complete ready-to-use pdf of the guide, which
was then uploaded to a web page and made available to users.

We took advantage of the interactive pdf format, learning how to utilise it and
improving our knowledge of the tool. We realised that we can be fast and
efficient when time is short.

We started by analysing the existing material and transposing the main branding
elements into the new chosen format. The first phase involved the creation of
the text styles and the design of all the elements necessary for navigation,
such as the menu and the various interactive buttons.Next, we focused on the
structure of the guide, which had to include content in two languages, English
and Chinese, both referring to one common menu. Once the structure was defined,
we proceeded to recreate the various contents in the new format, trying to
preserve the user experience even in a reduced format such as that of mobile
devices.To make the experience more complete and engaging, we also designed a
series of maps of the city, highlighting the main points of interest. These maps
were useful not only as a navigation tool, but also as visual elements to
introduce the various chapters of the guide.The last part of the project was
dedicated to creating and testing interactivity. We verified that all links
worked correctly and that all interactive elements were operational and directed
to the correct destination.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
