ANONYMAI: LEGALLY COMPLIANT TEXT AND VOICE ANONYMIZATION THROUGH AI

NGI TRUST (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

------------------------------------------------------------

AnonymAI: legally compliant text and voice anonymization through AI

In AnonymAI, we are working on the development of an automatic anonymizer for
Italian and English. Our main goal is to provide a service that allows automatic
anonymization and protection of users' personal data contained in texts and
voice transcripts in compliance with current regulations.

Currently, there are two main use cases: the anonymization of free text sections
from customer surveys and internal reports analyzed for customer and employee
experience evaluation; the anonymization of language resources created for
companies developing speech technologies such as STT and ASR.

NGI TRUST (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

AnonymAI: legally compliant text and voice anonymization through AI

The anonymization must maintain the usability of the data and at the same time,
it must mitigate privacy risks that come with the processing and storing of
personal data according to the GDPR.

The anonymization process is carried out by means of both Deep Learning and
rule-based Natural Language Processing technologies and will cover both common
data and special categories of personal data.

The accuracy of AnonymAI increases continuously with each retraining of the
system. A demo of the service is currently online and is made available upon
request.

With the introduction of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), technologies for
managing personal and sensitive data and improving privacy have become
particularly relevant for businesses and public administrations. There is
therefore a growing need for secure and fast anonymization methods to be applied
in specific domains. Indeed, textual documents may contain personal and
sensitive data that can be used to identify or trace an individual: for example,
in free text sections of anonymous surveys, in internal company reports, etc.

For this reason, we are working on the experimental development of AnonymAI, a
prototype of an automatic anonymizer for texts in Italian and English,
accompanied by guidelines for the verification of legal requirements and correct
procedures to be followed in regulatory terms, to be tested on different use
cases.

The automatic anonymization is performed by means of NLP based Deep Learning
technologies and rule-based components. The system will anonymize common
personal data such as proper names, locations, ID numbers, phone numbers and
email addresses, as well as so-called "special categories of personal data." The
service will enable precise configuration, immediate application of user
requirements and scalability of the system to new relevant PII (Personal
Identifiable Information).

NGI TRUST (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
