ANTHOLOGY, A DIGITAL STORYTELLING PLATFORM TO CELEBRATE THE BRAND CANALI

CANALI

------------------------------------------------------------

Anthology, a digital storytelling platform to celebrate the brand Canali

Canali, a menswear company founded in 1934, wanted to share its unique 85-year
journey of tradition and craftsmanship. 

We design corporate storytelling project that contains testimonials, images,
thoughts, and faces of a brand to share its history through a path made of
details, perseverance, care, and dedication. A moment of sharing their values,
but also an opportunity to give voice to and celebrate the workers and
collaborators who every day, with a great passion for their craft, give life to
a product based on the excellence of Made in Italy.

CANALI

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Anthology, a digital storytelling platform to celebrate the brand Canali

Create a corporate storytelling project that both celebrates 85 years of the
brand and becomes an internal communication tool.

Digital storytelling platform that combines a strong visual component with a
strong editorial dimension.

A multimedia story that includes more than 70 videos, articles, testimonials,
and archival materials, in three languages.

We designed Anthology, a storytelling platform created to tell 85 years of brand
history with a real anthology that allows you to explore the present, reveal the
past, and imagine the future of the company.

All the stories are told through a plurality of formats and languages. The
storytelling is guided by more than 70 videos produced in Italy, China, and the
United States, and is enriched by articles, archival content, photographs, and
illustrations. Through simple and intuitive navigation the site is divided into
seven sections, dedicated to particular aspects of the brand: Family, family
members share stories about themselves; Vision, the strategic vision, values,
and mission; Crafts, first-person stories about products and tailoring; People,
thoughts and reflections of the employees; Places, brand's production centers,
and symbolic cities; Heritage, key images, icons, and milestones that have
contributed to company's affirmation in the world; a glossary, company's
universe told through 10 definitions.

The technological solution adopted provides a custom Wordpress CMS both in its
theme and backend functions. The site includes a custom video player and
animated navigation among the pages. Given the high amount of video, we have
provided transcoding to ensure agile and efficient streaming. The platform is
navigable in English, Italian, and Chinese and follows web accessibility
standards.

CANALI

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
