ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TOOL FOR CONTRACT COMPLIANCE

------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence tool for contract compliance

The analysis of technical and/or administrative documentation requires specific
skills that are invaluable to organizations.

Checking whether an acquisition, outsourcing or service contract contains all
the information necessary to be approved, is an operation that often has to be
carried out in a short timeframe and involves high risks.

An important player in the Fintech sector has entrusted us with the task of
creating a tool to automatically analyze such documentation, in order to
indicate a compliance index and offer operators a useful tool for content
checks.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence tool for contract compliance

Automate the process of identifying technical documentation that complies with
company policy.

Implementation of a tool, based on CELI.search, that allows the analysis of
compliance of technical/administrative documentation through minimal
configurations.

The usage of the application has reduced documentation analysis time by up to
50% allowing evaluators to immediately focus on the most critical cases.

Companies often find themselves having to carry out compliance checks on
technical and/or administrative documentation. The process must be carried out
in a short time and often involves risks: on the one hand there is the
documentation to be analyzed, often consisting of dozens and dozens of pages; on
the other hand there are the policies, often complex, with which this must be
analyzed.

In order to fill the knowledge gap, often encoded only in the minds of technical
evaluators, we have used a tool based on Transformer Bert using a Deep Learning
approach.

The tool simply needs to provide a few examples (from a few units to a few
dozen) in order to infer, through a linguistic model, the meaning of what to
look for within the documentation.

The documents thus analyzed are then accompanied by an index of compliance and
offered to the evaluator through a navigation interface that identifies the
salient parts of the documentation on which to focus the checks.

This tool allows assessors to focus on documents with low compliance ratings.
Combined with this, the documentation navigator avoids wasting time on low-value
portions of documentation.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
