ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FOR THE ANALYSIS OF PUBLIC HEALTH CONTRACTS (IASA)

REGIONE PIEMONTE

------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence for the analysis of public health contracts (IASA)

The project "Artificial Intelligence for the analysis of SAlute's public
contracts", realized in partnership with Synapta, has as its ultimate goal the
realization of a Business Intelligence platform through Big Data technologies to
transform integrated documents (in this case public contracts in the health
sector) into actionable knowledge in business decisions.

In this phase, in order to perform the analysis of the unstructured data we
employed state-of-the-art NLP techniques for entity recognition and relation
extraction, tools to perform cross-database queries and Linked Data
technologies.

REGIONE PIEMONTE

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Artificial Intelligence for the analysis of public health contracts (IASA)

Analysis and organization of unstructured data from the database of over fifty
million public contracts accessible on the Synapta platform -
ContrattiPubblici.org.

Elaboration of a technology aimed at extracting data on unit prices of drugs
purchased by the PA, associating them to the unique codes (AIC) assigned to each
product by AIFA.

The extraction of Named Entities and relations from contracts achieves high
accuracy performance. The models can already be used with the supervision of a
manual operator.

The IASA project (Artificial Intelligence for the Analysis of SAlute's Public
Contracts) completed in 2021, is the first experiment - successful - of analysis
and organization of unstructured data from the database of over fifty million
public contracts accessible on Synapta's proprietary platform
ContrattiPubblici.org.

The goal of the project is to extract useful information (specifically drug
names, prices of products with unique identifiers provided by AIFA and the
relationships between them) from unstructured data, in our case public contracts
in the health sector.

To do this, together with Synapta and with the scientific supervision of the
LINKS Foundation, we put into practice our expertise in NLP in order to define
the taxonomy of the entities and relationships to be identified, to develop
useful features for the annotation in the Doccano tool and to prepare the
training of the Machine Learning model at the base of the system.

The result achieved was a tool capable of analyzing large amounts of data and
extracting structured information from text, be it tables immersed in text or
natural language, with a satisfactory accuracy rate. In this context, following
further fine tuning, the models produced can be used in total autonomy.

REGIONE PIEMONTE

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
