ASSORTMENT FORECASTING FOR THE LUXURY FASHION SUPPLY CHAIN

------------------------------------------------------------

Assortment forecasting for the luxury fashion supply chain

Historical sales data is not enough to get a good forecast in a constantly
changing world like luxury fashion. When launching a new product, expanding into
new markets, or targeting new demographics, it is crucial to include information
about who is buying what and where.

A famous Made in Italy fashion brand asked our help to make their sales volume
forecasting more accurate and efficient and to optimize in-store product
assortment.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Assortment forecasting for the luxury fashion supply chain

To improve sales volume forecasting of products with no or little historical
data at SKU (style, color, size) and store level; to support in the assortment
selection.

A forecasting model that provides sales predictions on new products with no or
little sales history, by analyzing past sales behaviors and product attributes,
understanding relevant correlations.

The proposed solution identifies product sales, including new products, and
proposes a constantly updated monthly forecast; it also optimizes the assortment
down to the individual store.

Recent advances in AI techniques provide more accurate and precise fashion
forecasting. The most used techniques are Neural Networks, particularly for
short-term forecasts, as they are more responsive models to the latest sales.

The client needed to enhance existing forecasts by building a predictive model
that would analyze sales data, customers, products and stores, stored in
different DBs, sometimes also expressed in free text, and monitor under/over
performing products.

The system automatically identifies clusters of products, customers and stores
with similar sales behaviors, understands the most relevant correlations, and
provides detailed predictions at the Stock Keeping Unit (style, color, size) and
store level. It makes available estimates on products in new collections that
have never been sold, even if subject to greater uncertainty. The recommendation
component proposes optimal assortments based on historical data and store
constraints, such as display space or budget. It also provides network expansion
suggestions for the best performing products and phase-out suggestions for the
less performing ones.

The solution comes with a dashboard that analysts and merchandisers can
navigate, allowing them to understand what they will sell and in what
quantities.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
