AUDI SENSORY URBANISM: CORTINA E-PORTRAIT

AUDI

------------------------------------------------------------

Audi Sensory Urbanism: Cortina e-Portrait

Our sensory multimodality is rarely addressed in descriptions of a city:
traditional mapping and drawing techniques are in fact rooted in the visual
field. Together with the municipality of Cortina, Audi has activated a plan to
promote sustainable economic development, combining high quality of life and
wise management of natural resources.

With the aim of demonstrating how technological innovation can restore value to
society and respond to human needs, we used Artificial Intelligence techniques
to analyze the data collected on the territory and insert them into
environmental comfort models.

AUDI

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Transportation and Mobility • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Audi Sensory Urbanism: Cortina e-Portrait

Audi needed to calculate environmental comfort indicators using weather, noise
and visibility data collected by special sensors located in the city of Cortina.

In order to synthesize environmental comfort indicators, environmental data
collected in the area were analyzed and cross-referenced with other data sources
representing the Municipality of Cortina.

Statistical models were developed to synthesize indicators of environmental
comfort, which were later represented through installations built in the city.

The urban environment is an experience for all the senses, which must be
involved in our urban experience. Audi, together with the Municipality of
Cortina, has implemented a project to raise awareness and enhance the territory:
Digital Islands, benches containing sensors capable of capturing daily data on
weather conditions, noise levels and the degree of visibility, have been
installed in the city.

After two years of collection, the time series collected were analyzed to
capture trends and any anomalies with respect to usual behavior. In a first
phase, additional data sources were also researched and analyzed to
contextualize the Digital Island data. Finally, the time series of temperature,
precipitation, noise, visibility, tourist flows and events were represented in
Cortina through special installations. In the second phase, the profiles of the
people living in Cortina were defined and contextualized: visitors (further
divided into summer and winter), drivers and residents.

The data collected by the sensors of the Digital Islands can contribute to
outline an urban sensorium of the city. Through the analysis of different future
scenarios it is possible to assess in advance the impact of certain policies on
the territory and to identify the best actions to be taken to promote the city.

AUDI

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Transportation and Mobility • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
