AUTOMATIC IDENTIFICATION OF SIMILARITY BETWEEN LEGAL JUDGMENTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Automatic identification of similarity between legal judgments

The client wants to provide its users a new way to explore the database, which
consists of different types of documents, mainly judgments, by providing
correlated judgments. Correlated documents aim at supporting lawyers in the
study of the case by enabling a new way of navigating the document database.
Therefore, it was developed a service that could automatically correlate
different sentences with each other, allowing the end user to discover the
relationships between them, to have automatic correlates, and allowing the
editorial team to not set up correlations manually.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Automatic identification of similarity between legal judgments

A tool capable of correlating legal judgments similar to a given one, using
text, in order to create a new way to navigate the document database.

A system capable of correlating judgments without human supervision. The system
returns a predetermined number of similar legal judgments given an input
judgment.

Document discovery, research service improvement, cost reduction for editorial
correlation creation. Cost optimization and client positioning.

The client is a publisher and provider of tools, management software and
information solutions in the legal field. As such, it has at its disposal a
large amount of documents, files, and judgments in the legal field. Its clients
are legal, tax, professional and business professionals. In order to support its
clients in studying a legal case, they wanted to enable a new way of exploring
the document database by correlating judgments. To enable this new way of
navigation and make it sustainable it needed a tool capable of linking judgments
to each other, based only on the text of those judgments.Therefore, it was
designed and developed a service capable of, given a judgment, return a number
of judgments similar to that, with the aim of outlining a solid and supportive
context for lawyers. Correlation between documents was achieved through a
service capable of correlating judgments without supervision of the drafting
team. The system was designed and implemented using Apache Solr as the inference
engine, augmented by our morphosyntactic resources combined with a MapReduce
algorithm. Data exchange between the editorial environment and the service is
done asynchronously using Topic Apache Kafka.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
