AUTOMATIC CLASSIFICATION OF LEGAL DOCUMENTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Automatic classification of legal documents

The client needs to manage large quantities of legal documents, classifying them
according to a taxonomy consisting of about 12,000 classifying nodes. To
automate and thus reduce tagging costs, we created a system based on 12 BERT's
Large Language Models capable of returning the most relevant taxonomy nodes
given a text. The automated classification system has become a business asset
that can easily carry the taxonomy to other client products and new document
types.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Automatic classification of legal documents

Automatic classification service for legal documents. The reference taxonomy is
extremely large (12,000 nodes). The architecture and functionality are the
subject of the project.

An automatic classification system based on 12 Large Language Models (BERT) that
can automatically tag documents in the legal field based on an extremely broad
taxonomy.

Decrease of tagging costs, homogeneous labeling of content regardless of the
nature of the document and without bias. Enterprise asset used in other client
products.

The client is a publisher and provider of tools, management software, and
information solutions in the legal field. It manages large quantities of legal
documents that must be labeled according to a customer-defined reference
taxonomy called the Berruti lemmary. This lemmary consists of about 12,000 nodes
organized on 3 levels of specialization. The legal domain has been divided into
10 subject areas represented by portions of the Berruti taxonomy. Each subject
area is then identified by a subset of the nodes of the taxonomy with the number
of nodes ranging from 300 to 5400. In order to speed up and thus reduce the cost
of classifying new documents, the client needs a system that can support the
user in making a choice by providing automatic classification of documents.The
system created is based on an ensemble of 12 BERT models. The models were
trained on manually tagged judgments by the client but then applied to new
document types. Each model was able to predict tags with a weighted average
F1-Score of 65%.The quality of the system output was validated by the editorial
team by manually evaluating a set of test documents. The evaluation performed
performed better than the KPI used to automatically evaluate the models by
standing at 80% accuracy.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
