B-HACK TOGETHER, A MINI HACKATHON TO IMPROVE INTERNAL COMMUNICATIONS AND
EFFICIENCY

GENERALI

------------------------------------------------------------

B-hack Together, a Mini Hackathon to improve internal communications and
efficiency

In the last few years, Generali invested a lot in innovation and people
engagement projects. 

At the beginning of 2020, on the occasion of its annual meeting, Generali's
distribution network needed to create a special moment to involve, align, and
activate its people.

We were involved in the second day of this meeting, designing a Mini Hackathon
to facilitate the generation of new ideas and spread them inside the company.

GENERALI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

B-hack Together, a Mini Hackathon to improve internal communications and
efficiency

The goal was to create a sense of common intent between the distribution network
and complementary functions, and to think about more fluid and efficient
internal processes.

209 people challenged each other on five briefs, during 12 hours of intense
activities driven by design thinking tools.

25 new ideas and initiatives (including five winners), contamination among
different functions and levels, high engagement, and a sense of belonging.

B-hack Together is the mix of 2 concepts: "to hack," and "be together" in a
collaborative scenario, more than ever before. Internal collaboration and
communication were obviously the focus of the day, and another important
objective was to consider the final client experience. To improve the user
experience (internal and external) the five briefs, sponsored by five Generali
managers, covered different markets: retail, business, auto, life, and
distribution.The participants, divided into 5 teams per brief, had to develop an
idea based on 4 parameters: b-togetherness (the focus is satisfied), coherence
with the brief, practicality, and efficiency. A dedicated jury (composed of one
manager, one sponsor, and two business angels), had the task of evaluating and
electing one winner per brief.

How to develop and define an idea starting from the brief? Our facilitators
guided and supported the teams following three design thinking phases:
Understand: Context and brief comprehension, as is mapping and identifying
criticalities. Ideate: Analysis and creation of opportunity areas, brief
reframing, brainstorming, and idea definition. Verify: Detail definition and
final presentation design.

In the last few years, Generali's intent has been to give continuity to these
moments of engagement and involvement, trying as much as possible to carry
forward and implement winning ideas.

GENERALI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
