B612, A RESEARCH PROGRAM TO EXPLORE NEW BUSINESS MODELS FOR THE BANK OF THE
FUTURE

------------------------------------------------------------

B612, a research program to explore new business models for the bank of the
future

An Italian banking group launched a program in 2019 that aimed at fostering
internal and external innovation to explore new business models.

We supported the bank and its innovation team working with 3 business units
(Everyday Bank, Wealth Management, and Enterprise) to identify innovation
opportunities and possible work streams through workshops and reports.

We developed 3 innovation reports on topics identified within the BUs. Reports
presented successful case studies and startups to guide the BU in the
development phase.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

B612, a research program to explore new business models for the bank of the
future

Support the bank in identifying key innovation challenges for each Business Unit
and provide it with an innovation report to support the development of new
projects.

A path aimed at identifying key innovation challenges for the bank and each BU.
We explored a top-down approach interviewing the heads of the BUs and a bottom-
up one working with retail staff.

Three innovation reports exploring new possible business models for the bank and
key startups and trends. Two co-design workshops with Everyday Bank retail
staff.

During 2 co-design workshops with retail and sales staff, we challenged
participants to think outside the box and investigate new possible business
models for the final customer and SME segments. Each workshop had an important
inspiration phase that pushed participants to discuss unconventional ideas. We
matched the projects that emerged with market trends and produced a report on
how banks can create empathy with their customers through technology.

With the bank's Wealth Management & Enterprise business units, we interviewed
the core management teams and identified key medium-to-long term challenges for
the unit.

We produced and presented 2 reports: "Fintech and Wealth Management", with a
deep dive on solutions for millennials and robot advisors; "Startups for SMEs.
How new players are answering upcoming needs."

Each report included an overview of the Italian and European fintech ecosystem,
a selection of success stories, and a shortlist of relevant startups. 

These reports work as a first guideline to develop innovation initiatives in the
identified opportunity areas.

We supported the innovation team in prioritizing the challenges and opportunity
areas, identifying key follow up areas.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
