BEYOND AGILE, NEW CULTURE-CHANGING PRACTICES

------------------------------------------------------------

Beyond Agile, new culture-changing practices

A German chemical and consumer goods company was embarking on an evolutionary
process to adopt Agile working methodologies. 

The South Europe division asked our support to incentivize a more agile,
digital, and entrepreneurial culture in order to reduce time-to-market in the
execution of strategies and develop a more customer-oriented approach.

We have created a tailor-made path based on the characteristics, needs, and
challenges the client is facing.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Beyond Agile, new culture-changing practices

Work agile to be faster in the execution of commercial strategies, closer to the
consumer, and more responsive to context and market changes.

The client's request to adopt agile methodologies has been redirected towards a
holistic review of the working methods. We designed a path to co-design culture-
changing practices.

Mapping of perceived problems, both at the level of the management team and at
the level of the entire population. Design of 4 experiments that are in the
testing phase.

The adoption of agile methodologies without the awareness of the objectives and
with a waterfall approach suffered the risk of creating other bureaucratic
procedures.

In order to build, together with the client, a new structure and working
practices that are suitable for the objectives and characteristics of the work
activity, we started from the mapping of the current situation. 10 interviews
with the members of the leadership team and an open questionnaire for the entire
population to understand tensions, bottlenecks and inefficiencies of the current
situation, but also the strengths to be highlighted.

The picture of the current situation was then presented to a mixed group of
people (leaders and operatives) who, led by MAIZE, created "experiments" to be
tested for a limited period of time within a specific team, in order to remove
the most common critical issues and find new forms of working fitting with the
context. This approach also made it possible to test lean ways of working based
on test-fail-learn.

Four “experiments” are being tested at this time and do, indeed, address the key
problems identified in the information gathering phase: meetings and emails,
authorizations and responsibilities, workload and prioritization, bureaucracy
and administrative tasks.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
