BLINK, A MARKETPLACE FOR DOMESTIC BEAUTY TREATMENTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Blink, a marketplace for domestic beauty treatments

The client, a chemical and consumer goods company, has a unit aimed at promoting
innovation and venture capital investments. They wanted to support the Beauty
division in exploring new opportunities beyond hair care products.

Starting from an initial business idea — to create a marketplace focusing on
domestic beauty treatments —we supported the client to assess real market
interest and opportunity size; then, to envision key elements of the service and
build possible go-to-market scenarios.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Blink, a marketplace for domestic beauty treatments

Support the client to expand its business from hair care products to beauty-
related services and envision new digital solutions to disrupt the traditional
hair salon space.

A comprehensive project which strongly combines business and service design to
conceive of a marketplace of domestic beauty treatments to be launched in
London.

A pitch-deck including a refined business idea, a clickable mockup of the
marketplace app, and a go-to-market scenario with an investment plan to fund the
first European pilot.

Problem validation – We started by stepping back from the initial business idea
to check on its underlying assumptions. We conducted a session of 40 interviews
in London and Berlin, both with beauticians and target users to verify their
real interest in offering or receiving at-home beauty treatments, examining key
needs and drivers. In parallel, we analyzed current offers by startups and
competitors in the same market space. The results of both streams enabled us to
estimate a first market size and identify the UK as a starting point.

Solution validation – Leveraging the insights collected, we designed the ideal
experience both from a professional and a user perspective, consolidating a
service model and positioning. With the purpose of further testing the solution
with 20 users in London, we prototyped key features of the Blink app — the new
beautician-centric marketplace — focusing on service elements that
differentiated our solution from the competition. 

Business validation – We assessed two possible go-to-market scenarios,
partnering with existing players vs. building the solution independently.  For
the partner option, we shortlisted three startups, matching key business and
service requirements to engage them in a possible white-label collaboration. For
the build option, we defined a step-by-step investment plan to structure the
business and launch the first MVP.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
