BLOCKCHAIN APPLICATIONS FOR THE LUXURY MARKET

KERING

------------------------------------------------------------

Blockchain applications for the luxury market

Despite being a “hot” topic in recent years, Blockchain remains an elusive
concept. The real value that the distributed ledger technology can bring for
business often remains vague.

For this reason, Kering Group, the luxury giant, wanted to re-group its
innovation managers from its different Maisons to discuss the topic and unveil
blockchain potentialities and business opportunities while brainstorming
possible internal use cases.

We organized a two-day workshop with internal and external experts to inspire,
inform, and provide relevant tools for participants.

KERING

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Blockchain applications for the luxury market

Inspire and work with Kering Group's selected people on business blockchain
applications, exploring the basis of the technology and its use cases in the
luxury field.

A two-day workshop involving internal and external speakers, followed by a co-
design session to identify relevant opportunities within the Kering ecosystem.

Kering working groups ideated, designed, and presented six concrete and
applicable use cases based on Blockchain technology that could optimize Kering
businesses and operations.

We organized the Blockchain Luxury Workshop with the participation of selected
technology experts as well as startups from our network.

The two-day workshop was structured around:

Day #1: a learning session that demonstrated the value of the technology.
Particular attention was given to highlight how Blockchain was impacting the
luxury and fashion industry, and what future applications could be envisioned.
We presented an extended report on use cases and success stories in luxury as
well as in other industries, while another company presented the technical
background of the technologies, answered questions, and clarified technical
concepts that were unclear.

Day #2: a co-design session, during which the participants were divided into
working groups, supported by blockchain specialists, to ideate different
projects that could be applied to the Maisons. The groups were stimulated to
brainstorm blockchain applications to improve internal processes, to strengthen
relationships with customers, and to test the technology in creative ways.

After the workshop, we created a report with project ideas that emerged during
the co-design session and supported Kering and the Maisons to investigate
further opportunities.

KERING

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
