BORMIOLI PHARMA ENVISION, TRANSFORM AN EXPO INTO A VIRTUAL EXPO

BORMIOLI PHARMA

------------------------------------------------------------

Bormioli Pharma Envision, transform an expo into a virtual expo

Bormioli Pharma is a leading and highly innovative company in the production of
pharmaceutical packaging.

Every year, Bormioli Pharma presents new products and prototypes at trade shows
but the pandemic has led to their cancellation and forced the company to find
alternative solutions. The Envision project aimed to replace the trade show,
transforming physical processes and objectives into digital experiences.

This resulted in a content-rich portal dedicated to clients and a 3D experience
to facilitate the presentation of new products and prototypes.

BORMIOLI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Bormioli Pharma Envision, transform an expo into a virtual expo

Organize a digital experience to substitute the trade show while maintaining a
personal, vis-a-vis relationship with the customer and innovative
communications.

A video content platform to present new products and strategies, a tool for
customers to independently book one-on-one meetings with sales teams, and a 3D
app to present new products.

More than 90 hours of one-on-one customer/commercial meetings, +305 subscribers
on the content platform, +6 minutes of average content sessions, digitization of
+15 products in 3D.

In order to organize a digital fair, it was necessary to analyze the ways in
which the experience was usually structured and the objectives of the
communication and commercial team: one-on-one customer/sales relationship, and
distinctive fair communications. 

The "Envision" portal was structured to provide an experience pre, post, and
during the event. Pre: the customer registered and booked a videoconference with
a trusted salesperson; during: the day of the platform launch the client
experienced 8 videos and other content; post: customers immersed themselves in
an Augmented Reality experience with new brand products. The goal of the
platform was to replace the physical space of the trade show and booth. 

In addition to browsing the portal, the client also had pre-booked calls. To
support the salesperson during the calls, a 3D app was designed with a
collection of new products and prototypes, enriched with animation, renderings,
and details. The purpose of the app was to replace old slides and provide an
innovative and dynamic experience to replace physical products at the show.
Salespeople used the app in share screen mode during calls with Microsoft Teams,
without needing to learn new tools. 

The digital and personal experience with the customer improved their
relationship with the brand and its salespeople more than a classic trade show.

BORMIOLI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
