BORMIOLI PHARMA INTERNATIONAL REMOTE CO-DESIGN WORKSHOP

BORMIOLI PHARMA

------------------------------------------------------------

Bormioli Pharma international remote co-design workshop

Bormioli Pharma (BP) is a leading Italian brand of pharmaceutical packaging.

In early 2019, the company launched a corporate program aimed at fostering
innovation through a lean, open, and agile approach. We supported and guided BP
in the program structured in three phases: research, co-design, prototyping. 

Specifically, the objective of the co-design workshop was to brainstorm new
ideas with a multidisciplinary team of BP and key stakeholders. Since BP is
international, we designed a remote workshop to connect people from all over
Europe.

BORMIOLI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Bormioli Pharma international remote co-design workshop

In an international context, limited by the Covid-19 lockdown, the challenge was
to design a fully-digital and remote workshop to brainstorm ideas starting from
previous qualitative research.

A digital whiteboard where all participants could access and work
simultaneously. A workshop of 2 days with 14 participants, 4 MAIZE facilitators,
and working sessions of two hours each.

The team generated more than 25 ideas and mapped them in a matrix to select the
most relevant to be further developed by the MAIZE design team.

When designing a fully digital workshop the most important aspect to consider is
that participants need to have all information, materials, and communication at
hand. The workshop was organized in 3 moments:

PREPARATION: The activities started one week earlier to align participants on
the agenda of the workshop and to share the Participant Kit: a collection of
research insights collected during the research phase. The kit also included a
tutorial and a link to access the platform used for the workshop, and a document
synthesizing the workshop's objectives and methodologies. The whiteboard and
frameworks have been designed to host 3 teams, each one with its own space and
tools.

IDEA GENERATION: The teams, guided by MAIZE facilitators, were connected via
conference call and could work autonomously on a shared whiteboard using post-
its and assigned frameworks. In this way, the participants could discuss, share
opinions and know-how, and have their own space to generate ideas. Everyone
could read and get to know their teammates' activities. 

MAPPING: The final activity, a unique call with all participants, had the
objective to collect all ideas generated by the teams, discussing and selecting
the most relevant to be developed.

BORMIOLI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
