BRIGHT SIGHT

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Sight

Bright Sight is our revolutionary AI collaborative autonomous agent-based
system. Designed to address the complexity of ESG regulations and transform them
into actionable business strategies, it consists of a team of AI agents: each
agent has specific expertise and collaborates with other agents to analyze
corporate sustainability budgets in relation to regulations, verify compliance,
and propose strategic recommendations.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Crew 2024 • Internal • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Sight

Addressing the complexity of ESG regulations and transforming data into
sustainable strategies and competitive advantages using a team of AI autonomous
agents.

An ecosystem of specialized AI agents who analyze corporate sustainability
budgets, regulatory compliance, and propose actionable policy recommendations.

Bright Sight supports companies in making quick decisions, to position
themselves on complex and evolving issues, while maintaining consistency and
differentiation on their strategy.

At the heart of Bright Sight is a system of AI agents: goal-oriented systems
designed to interact with the world autonomously, capable of taking decisions,
performing actions, and achieving goals based on predefined or evolving
tasks.Inside Bright Sight, each agent specializes in a specific area and has a
defined role: regulatory compliance, regulatory analysis and consistency of ESG
reports, corporate strategy. Together, they collaborate as a team to translate
inconsistent data and complex regulations into concrete, actionable
recommendations.Key agents include:

Report Miner: analyzes sustainability reports for consistency of ESG initiatives
over time.

Regulation Extractor: studies European regulations and translates them into
comprehensible language.

Rule Checker: verifies that corporate initiatives comply with current
regulations.

Strategist: oversees the overall strategy and summarizes the results in a final
report, highlighting strengths, opportunities, and pain points.

Each analysis results in clear and actionable recommendations. These are the
result of collaboration between our specialized agents, who are able to
transform complex data into strategic actions and can guide the company on its
ESG journey.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Crew 2024 • Internal • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
