BUILDING THE SUSTAINABLE DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER STRATEGY OF A LARGE FMCG PLAYER

------------------------------------------------------------

Building the sustainable direct-to-consumer strategy of a large FMCG player

The project included 2 main streams: design of D2C scenarios and acceleration of
the one with the biggest potential. In the first stream, we mapped existing D2C
initiatives and ran a D2C trend research to assess consumer behaviors.Finally,
we designed the scenarios matching them with the client's existing assets and
potential targets, as well as prioritizing them for feasibility and opportunity
dimensions.In the second stream, we accelerated the "D2C sustainability
scenario", both validating its business model pillars with a report provided by
the client and scouting startups for potential acquisition.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Building the sustainable direct-to-consumer strategy of a large FMCG player

Driven by the need to be closer to end customers and contrast revenue erosion by
emerging players, a large FMCG player looked for a partner to test an entry into
the D2C space for its Adhesives BU.

The project's main outputs were the definition of 6 prioritized D2C scenarios,
and the deep-dive on the sustainability one supported by preliminary startups
scouting for acquisition.

The project successfully guided the client in the identification of concrete D2C
alternatives. Also, it provided preliminary assets for the GTM of the
sustainability scenario.

At the end of the first project's stream, we selected 2 D2C scenarios: the
sustainability one and another focusing on renters. At the time, the client was
building its sustainability strategy and the D2C sustainability scenario seemed
the one with the highest strategic priority. Thanks to our flexible approach, we
reshaped the activities of stream 2 to boost the collaboration with the client's
sustainability team and gain internal sponsorship for the actual go-to-market of
the idea. The sustainability team autonomously ran a survey on adhesive
customers' expectations and needs concerning sustainability, and we matched the
work of stream 1 with their results. Moreover, we understood that the client's
M&A team could finance the go-live of the project, hence we worked on the "buy"
option. The last project activity consisted of the preliminary scouting of
startups with a proposition close to our "D2C sustainability
scenario". Unfortunately, the project's sponsor left the company and we could
not move ahead with the startup's due diligence and acquisition.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
