BUSINESS DESIGN SPRINT FOR A NEW BUSINESS-DRIVEN APPROACH

CLEMENTONI

------------------------------------------------------------

Business design sprint for a new business-driven approach

After an in-depth analysis of its DNA and the definition of its future vision,
Clementoni, a leader in the educational toy world, wanted to develop two new
product/service solutions — and their business models — to explore new
opportunities and spread among the Clementoni Innovation Team a new design and
business-driven approach to product development.

The development of the two solutions took place through a digital design
sprint over six weeks, allowing the Innovation Team to experiment with a new
project methodology and define new solutions to present to C-level executives.

CLEMENTONI

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Business design sprint for a new business-driven approach

Clementoni wanted to both spread a new project methodology among participants
and develop two new product/service solutions and their business models.

A business design sprint, held remotely during six sessions, allowed two
Clementoni teams to discover new design and business methodologies.

Two business-oriented solutions including business models, market positioning,
user tests, etc. — presented to C-level executives for approval.

The program, initially developed to be run physically at Clementoni's Recanati
headquarters, was re-designed considering new social distancing constraints to
be online and remote.

The new format emphasized the use of collaborative and creative online tools,
which were new to the participants.

The design sprint was structured over 6 weeks and many different activities were
carried out. Starting from 2 high-level briefs, the 2 teams spent the first days
analyzing and trying to figure out which were the value propositions behind the
brief and who was the customer target to address.

The second step was an interview session with potential clients to collect
feedback and comments about the identified value proposition.

Once the value propositions were consistent, the teams started to develop a
digital prototype – to be tested – and a complete business case to get an idea
of the solution's economic impact.

A survey, composed of the digital prototype and questions, was built by 2 teams
to obtain more precise information about their idea and business models.

Once the teams collected survey feedback and finalized the presentation deck,
they pitched two solutions to C-level executives.

CLEMENTONI

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2020

------------------------------------------------------------
