CANP, CONVERSATIONAL ASSISTANTS FOR HOSPITAL PATIENTS

REGIONE PIEMONTE

------------------------------------------------------------

CANP, conversational assistants for hospital patients

The La Casa nel Parco R&I project (CANP) is part of the "E-health,
Bioinformatics and ICT for health research" technological field of the POR-FESR
call for the Health and Wellbeing Technological Platform of the Piedmont Region
and in the field of application home care.

In this context, we created two different conversational agents to assist
patients and caregivers. One agent is voice-based and is delivered via an Alexa
skill, while the other is a written agent delivered via a customized web app.

REGIONE PIEMONTE

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

CANP, conversational assistants for hospital patients

Develop two different innovative agents according to the needs of the various
stakeholders (patients, caregivers, medical staff), in a funded research
project.

We designed and developed two conversational interfaces, a voice assistant and a
chatbot: the first dedicated to Molinette home hospitalized patients, and the
second on to Novara ALS patients.

Both agents are currently undergoing clinical trials at the two hospitals in
order to measure their usability and effects on patients.

We developed two different conversational agents to assist patients and
caregivers.

The first one is dedicated to patients who have been home hospitalized. Their
caregiver needs to access educational materials and medical information via an
easy-to-use tool, possibly by voice and with the aid of videos. They have to
perform medical procedures that are usually carried out by nurses. In their
home, the caregiver need to know for example how to measure blood glucose or how
to insert an IV drip. The voice assistant guide users in following these
procedures by answering voice requests and can also show video tutorials via the
Alexa screen-enabled device.

The second one is dedicated to ALS patients in the Novara hospital. ALS patients
need to follow a prescribed diet. However, the physicians can only see patients
every 3-4 months and during that time they have no way of checking patient
compliance to the diet scheme. The written chatbot asks user how much they have
eaten of a certain prescribed food daily.

The data is immediately transmitted to the physician who can monitor their
patients from afar. The choice of a written interface was motivated by the
pathology. ALS patients tend to lose mobility and therefore the agent should be
easy to use and did not have to involve vocal communication (since ALS patients
lose the ability to speak over time).

REGIONE PIEMONTE

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
