CANVASS, A LEARNING PLATFORM FOR PRODUCT TRAINING

VODAFONE

------------------------------------------------------------

Canvass, a learning platform for product training

Vodafone has a dedicated B2B sales team and needs to periodically train them
about new offers. This process takes place in person, but Vodafone needed to
make it scalable, easy to update, and digital. 

As a solution, we designed Canvass, an e-learning platform to restructure and
enhance Vodafone's learning offer on sales channels, from call centers to sales
agents: an engaging and interactive platform to train employees on new products
and services.

For each release (at least 4 each year), updated content was highlighted for the
target and learning was tested with quizzes.

VODAFONE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Canvass, a learning platform for product training

Create a new Vodafone training platform that guaranteed a high level of
usability and a wider interaction with content to support (or replace) face-to-
face training.

A smart training platform that allowed for learning activities through content,
videos, and tests, and was updated several times during the year to support the
launch of new products/services.

Simplification of training activities. Clear and consistent training content
(the same for everybody). Constant tracking of learning results.

To make the sales department's work smoother and the learning of new services
and products easier, we collect all the training material about
products/services for Business clients in the Canvass platform.

Each product or service was described in a simple yet efficient way, which
allowed the seller to see the product's highlights at a glance. For each product
or service, we designed a clear and specific card with essential information and
all possible customizations (needed for different client targets).

Products were specially designed for specific targets. All targets were
presented in a dedicated area of the platform and mentioned in each product or
service card (if available for the target).

Each new release was introduced with a video from the Vodafone marketing
department and an infographic video on the most relevant product of the release.

For each new product or service presented in the platform, there were specific
questions to test the learning activities. The results of the quiz with the
completed/not completed learning path were collected in the user profile page. A
page that summarized the user activities on the platform.

The use of the platform was tracked and the HR office could have all the
information about progress and results.

VODAFONE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
