CASE REPORT, A MEDICAL DISCUSSION USING GAMIFICATION TECHNIQUES

NOVARTIS

------------------------------------------------------------

Case Report, a medical discussion using gamification techniques

Novartis annually organizes some thematic mini-faculties on melanoma and invites
doctors from all over Italy to discuss the topic. The central element of these
meetings is the discussion of the various medical cases that are presented
during these events in a choral manner. Due to the pandemic, has arisen the need
to transform this activity in such a way that it could be carried out digitally
remotely without losing the comparison and sharing of doctors' experiences.

Case Report Game was born in response to this new need of Novartis. A digital
game designed for the remote discussion of medical cases.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Case Report, a medical discussion using gamification techniques

Redesign of the discussion process of medical cases in plenary while maintaining
the centrality of the comparison between doctors and the collection of their
personal experiences.

Adaptation of 4 real clinical cases related to melanoma in a digital platform
that creates an interactive dynamic in the resolution of the clinical case
through gamification logics.

7 mini-faculties conducted completely remotely with more than 90 total
participants.

We have designed an interactive platform populated by 4 real clinical cases
adapted to a decision-making structure by simulating the decisions that are made
in the daily life of the doctor. Through gaming mechanics, the discussion was
stimulated during the various remote faculties made up of interdisciplinary
teams of clinicians.

These game mechanics have been studied ad hoc by adapting real clinical cases to
the rules of the game through co-design sessions with Novartis medical advisors.

Once the platform is open, the players are faced with several game rounds
divided into various decision-making steps that must be resolved jointly by
discussing and arriving at a final joint decision up to the resolution of the
clinical case.

Once the game session is over, the platform processes and returns a detailed
report of all the choices that have been made and the consent obtained for each
choice, to facilitate the discussion in plenary at the end of the mini-faculty.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
