CHAMBER OF COMMERCE BUSINESS REGISTER: SELFCARE SUPPORT SYSTEM

INFOCAMERE

------------------------------------------------------------

Chamber of Commerce Business Register: selfcare support system

The amount of information related to the requirements to be filed for the
Business Registry office is quite extensive and any in-depth information may
vary between different Chambers of Commerce. The presence of a self-care tool,
available to businesses and professionals, reduces the workload of inbound
requests to the call center.

InfoCamere, the company of the Italian Chambers of Commerce, asked us  to create
a Knowledge Management System integrated with a Semantic Search & Classification
Platform.

INFOCAMERE

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Chamber of Commerce Business Register: selfcare support system

In the last years the end-users of the Business Registry office increased
continuously. InfoCamere needed to keep under control the specialistic
assistance costs.

A Knowledge Management System for the management of metadata associated with
Chamber records, a pipeline for reading, analyzing, and indexing documents and a
Solr-based search engine.

The project allowed to reduce assistance costs by 30-40%. The new infrastructure
constitutes an added value for the client in strategic-evolutionary terms.

InfoCamere is the company of the Italian Chambers of Commerce for digital
innovation. Starting with the governance of the Business Register - the national
economic registry - the company creates services to support its members in order
to meet the needs of entrepreneurs, professionals and citizens in the face of
the continuous evolution of economic and regulatory systems.

Given these premises, the client asked us for a self-care tool, available to
businesses and professionals, that would allow them to reduce the workload of
inbound requests to the call center.

To meet this need, we proposed the development of a Knowledge Management System
with an integrated search engine based on a customized version of Solr that uses
a series of proprietary components for linguistic analysis and configurations
specifically designed for this use case in order to improve the searchability of
the information of interest by the end users.

Through the platform it is also possible to monitor the correct functioning of
both the indexing components and the search engine in order to analyze their
performance with a view to continuous improvement.

INFOCAMERE

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
