CHATBOT FOR CUSTOMER ASSISTANCE IN THE BARCODES DOMAIN

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbot for customer assistance in the barcodes domain

An italian organization is part of the global consortium that manages barcodes
and labeling standards to identify and commercialize products. In order for a
world-wide standard to work, our client has to establish shared practices and
rules that every seller need to follow: from a single pen to tons of products,
each unit must be labeled correctly.

Producer and sellers are often confused by the number of regulations and
different standards. This is why we developed a chatbot that supports our client
to find the information they are looking for.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbot for customer assistance in the barcodes domain

Develop a chatbot that answers frequently asked questions and helps users find
the specific information they need, in a rapid and efficient way.

We developed an AnswerBot, a virtual assistant that has knowledge of hundred of
possible questions and interacts with dozens of users daily.

Since production release, the bot has handled requests from over 13K unique
users. We monitor the conversations in order to extract unforeseen questions and
integrate them into the knowledge base.

Our customer manages one of the most useful but complicated standard in the
world: barcodes. That includes all bidimensional labels that “tag” something,
like QRcodes. In order for them to work everywhere in the world, barcodes need
to be compliant to certain rules and to contain the information required both by
the law and by the international sellers.

All the information about barcodes is available in the website… but nobody has
the time or the patience to read the whole content of a website. Users want
specific answers and they would rather not call a customer assistance service
and waste a lot of time waiting for an operator to pick their call.

For this reason, we created a chatbot that leverages our internal technologies:
the proprietary rule-based algorithms to handle NLU capabilities and, on the
other hand, a machine learning model that allows the chatbot to continuously
learn. We injected into the virtual assistant a considerable amount of FAQs in
the barcodes domain and we also reshaped their condiguration in order to be
compliant with the linguistic variety of the users.

The virtual assistant is available 24/7, with no need to wait for an operator.
It also deals with hundreds of users per month, answering their doubts and
gathering their feedback about the service provided.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
