CHATBOT FOR FACILITATING THE DEBT COLLECTION PROCESS

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbot for facilitating the debt collection process

An Italian credit institution needs to improve the process of debt collection
from its customers through a tool that allows automating the operation, speeding
up the payment, and, at the same time, measuring users' preferences for
different payment methods.

We proposed to develop a conversational assistant to be delivered on two
channels: the customer's landing page and a link sent to the debtor user. The
chatbot, through a mainly agent-driven interaction, allows the user to manage
his file, also by accessing his own customer area.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbot for facilitating the debt collection process

An automated tool that can handle the debt collection practices of insolvent
users. Evaluate the possibility, if necessary, to scale the conversation to
human operators.

A  chatbot which can be queried either from the website or through a link
through which the user will land directly on the dialogue screen with the bot,
starting the interaction.

Following release into production in late 2020, the chatbot has demonstrated
great effectiveness in handling numerous debt collection cases, with an average
monthly recovery of more than 250K euros.

The Marketing and Product Development Department of a financial company needs to
provide its customers with a tool to autonomously obtain information on the
various methods of payment of outstanding installments in order to speed up the
payment process and measure users' preferences regarding payment methods.

We proposed a chatbot delivered on two channels: the company's customer area,
through which the user can easily access to manage his file, and a link sent to
debtor users via SMS that, if prompted, allows to interact with the bot.

The assistant can answer about 30 FAQs related to how to pay outstanding debts,
but the interaction mode is mainly agent-driven. The bot is able to guide the
user to the different modes of payment of outstanding installments and will be
able to redirect the customer to the client area or indicate other forms of
payment with the bank transfer or credit details to be issued.

The solution was released in production at the end of 2020, after a testing
phase that involved both the conversational component and the graphic interface.
Since then, the client has positively evaluated the application, which is able
to independently manage a large number of insolvent users. The return on
investment on the project has been extremely positive.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
