CHATBOT FOR LEAD ACQUISITION ACCESSIBLE VIA QR CODE

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbot for lead acquisition accessible via QR code

The Marketing and Product Development department of a finance company needs an
automated process for lead capture and, at the same time, wants to deliver
information about available funding through an initiative partner's credit card.

To meet this need, we developed a chatbot accessible via QR codes located within
the project partner's facility. The virtual assistant is primarily aimed at
users interested in acquiring more information about card underwriting.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbot for lead acquisition accessible via QR code

The customer needs an information tool about the partner's products, which at
the same time is able to provide a number of alternative offers to the email
address of the interested user.

A chatbot that provides partner credit card information to interested users and
collects user contact information for potential lead acquisition.

The implementation and testing phases of the bot are completed in late 2020.
Meanwhile, the tool is accessible in some of the initiative partner's branches.

An Italian credit institution wants to improve the lead acquisition process
through an efficient and automated process, leveraging the new credit card of a
project partner. The user interested in activating the card, will provide the
contact information useful to the customer for the possible provision of
additional alternative offers.

Given the starting need, we proposed the implementation of a chatbot within a
pilot project. The assistant is delivered to users via QR code in the project
partner's facilities.

The chatbot takes advantage of proprietary NLP technologies and supports two
types of interaction: on the one hand, it is able to provide the user with about
25 answers related to the partner's credit card and to a series of commercial
offers of the customer; on the other hand, it has an agent-driven configuration
that allows to guide the user both to the subscription of the credit card and
eventually to the provision of contact details. The bot is also capable of
scaling support to a human operator.

Implemented in late 2020, the pilot has passed the testing phase and is
currently undergoing customer and partner evaluation. In the meantime, the
chatbot is accessible to users at some of the initiative partner's branches.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
