CHATBOTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY: OPTIMIZATION OF PATENT'S APPLICATION PROCESS

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbots and intellectual property: optimization of patent's application process

Metroconsult, an Italian company involved in the intellectual property and
patents field asked us to optimize part of their patents’ selection process. The
company receives a high number of patent applications from users who want to
register their inventions. The application forms are collected by a team of
experts that interview the inventors. The process described can be quite long
and sometimes the applications can even be rejected.

We developed a chatbot that can optimize the patents’ selection process and make
it easier for Metroconsult to choose the applications that are worth it. The
project was carried out as a PoC.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Chatbots and intellectual property: optimization of patent's application process

A chatbot that helps inventors to apply for a patent, guiding them through the
whole process. The conversation then gets reported in a form that is analyzed by
the client itself.

We developed a virtual assistant that fully automates the collection process of
patent applications received by Metroconsult and, on the other hand, helps the
user to fill up the application form.

The chatbot was released to Metroconsult in 2020 as a PoC with the aim to
develop its skills and usability after an internal testing phase.

Metroconsult is active in the field of patents and intellectual property. They
offer different services and mainly work with clients interested – for example –
in registering and protecting an invention, a brand, or a logo. Metroconsult
receives a considerable amount of applications, called Record of Invention. A
Record of Invention is a form that inventors must fill in order to apply for a
patent. It contains various questions, that must be answered precisely. The
overall process is: inventors go to Metroconsult offices, they meet an expert
that personally helps them filling the form and once the application form is
ready, it goes through an internal selection.

The chatbot we developed automates the procedure from two different
perspectives: first, helping the inventor, secondly supporting Metroconsult in
making the process easier to manage on their side. For this reason, the human-
machine interaction is mainly agent-driven: we coded specific behaviors using
our rule-based internal formalism. The final result is an automa-like virtual
assistant, able to navigate through different states.

The chatbot is also able to give suggestions: if the user asks for support, the
chatbot helps him, giving suggestions and tips. The virtual assistant can also
be used to navigate up and down the form, by simply asking «go back to the
previous question» but also to skip optional questions.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
