CLEMENTONI'S INNOVATION JOURNEY: TREND RESEARCH FOR A NEW PRODUCT STRATEGY

CLEMENTONI

------------------------------------------------------------

Clementoni's Innovation Journey: trend research for a new product strategy

The Innovation Team is Clementoni's new unit dedicated to designing a new
evolution path with the mission of intercepting new market trends and responding
to the changing needs and deciders of consumes through collaboration with
external players, specifically MAIZE.

We activated an insight and trend research project as part of a broader
development path. The aim was to identify relevant phenomena to innovate the
company mindset toward innovation and trends, and the creation of product briefs
consistent with new consumption patterns.

CLEMENTONI

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Clementoni's Innovation Journey: trend research for a new product strategy

Research and map market trends and stakeholders' needs to define Clementoni's
strategic direction and provide the tools to strengthen the Innovation Team's
role.

A research path to analyze the internal knowledge of innovative phenomena
(insights), map the new consumer context (trends), and define the new strategic
direction through co-creative workshops.

Insight report and workshop to build the new strategic vision; a trend report
used as a workshop tool to generate about 80 ideas that led to the creation of
11 strategic briefs.

Clementoni was founded by Mario Clementoni in 1963 to create educational,
quality toys that follow the growth of children. However, the changing
consumers' values and the technological and digital revolution have posed a
series of challenges to this corporate vision. This is why Clementoni's
Innovation Team wanted to start a structured process for the development of new
toys, identifying a new strategic vision. 

The analysis aimed at understanding the internal context through targeted
interviews and research regarding the drivers of change that characterize the
contemporary social, economic, and technological context. We created a first
report to delineate the most relevant areas to work on in a co-creative way.

Then the research team identified some drivers consistent with the brand DNA to
support the brainstorming process aimed at creating new product briefs. From
sustainability to inclusivity, from the relationship with technology and the new
digital imaginary to new forms of connection between adults and children through
play, the research included the scouting of startups and new market players.

The final report served as an inspiration during a trend-driven innovation
workshop, which generated about 80 ideas and led to the creation of 11 strategic
briefs.

CLEMENTONI

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
