CML INNOVATION HUB, A REMOTE HACKATHON FOR CML

NOVARTIS

------------------------------------------------------------

CML Innovation Hub, a remote hackathon for CML

Novartis is involved in the market for CML, a hereditary blood disease. To
maintain its role as a reference partner for stakeholders, the company wanted to
launch a research and innovation process on the subject.

The CML Innovation Hub project, consisting of a research phase, a workshop, and
a remote hackathon, was proposed as a solution to ideate innovative
initiatives that responded to the most relevant needs of players who orbit
around the disease (patients, caregivers, doctors, and nurses).

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

CML Innovation Hub, a remote hackathon for CML

Create a research and innovation path that allowed Novartis to remain a
reference player for stakeholders.

A remote hackathon where doctors and university students worked in teams to
define innovative ideas to improve the lives of patients affected by CML.

More than 100 people involved, 5 partnerships and 9 innovative solutions: these
were the Thalathon project numbers.

The first phase of the innovation path began in March 2020 with a kick-off
where, together with Novartis, we identified the project's objectives and issues
to be investigated. During a research phase, interviews were conducted
with doctors and patients with the support of Elma Research — a market research
company that specializes in pharmaceuticals — to understand the needs and
highlight insights to bring to the second phase of the workshop.
The objective of the workshop was to define — along with a board of doctors and
Novartis representatives — the challenges to be proposed in the Hackathon, the
names of the Challenge Owners and Business Mentors, and participant profiles.

At the end of the workshop three challenges were selected:

Information space for patients

Network for clinicians

Management of disease 2.0

At this point, the recruiting phase began.

Finally, the hackathon was the moment when different profiles were involved in
a remote hackathon to find original and innovative solutions to meet proposed
challenges.  Three startups (one for each brief) were selected to participate in
the hackathon for inspiration to develop innovative ideas from the competition.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
