COACHING AND TRAINING TO SUPPORT GOAL SETTING

------------------------------------------------------------

Coaching and training to support Goal Setting

A training and coaching course for 80 brand managers in the fashion industry to
support them in goal setting. The aim of the project is to create a common
language for writing concrete, measurable and clear goals for those for whom
they are intended. Strengthening the managers' skills in goal setting enables
them to support and monitor the growth of their employees and to work in synergy
within the group by converging directions and goals, and the people involved in
the process are more aware and empowered with respect to their own growth path.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Coaching and training to support Goal Setting

Supporting the management team of 80 people from the various companies in the
group in the clear and effective writing of objectives to be passed on to their
subordinates.

A training and coaching path to convey the fundamentals of goal writing and
communication and to define a common language for goal setting activities of the
group.

Learning a method for writing clear, actionable, measurable and shared
objectives in the group. The adoption of a template as an integral part of the
appraisal/performance review process.

The course was structured in 4 phases: 

In-presence training: an in-person meeting, where we met with managers in groups
of about 20 people belonging to the same professional family but from different
companies within the group. Here we delved into the components of an objective,
practising the writing of each part of it in order to make it clearer and more
direct. The activity took place using examples based on typical cases of the
professional family (e.g. staff, sales, marketing, etc.).

Group Coaching: in remote groups of 10 people, we tested the activity of
individual goal writing, carried out bearing in mind the indications gathered in
the first training. We used the group coaching methodology, thus using the input
of the individual to move the group forward. 

Rewriting workshop: we went back to the classroom for a reinforcement on the
writing and sharing of a template for goal writing, which made it possible to
achieve a common and shared language in the group on goal setting.

Coaching 1:1: we joined each manager for an hour of individual coaching
remotely, with the aim of writing the final version of the goals for delivery to
the reporters.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
