COLLABORATION PROCESS AND DISSEMINATION OF A UCD APPROACH FOR THE DIGISERV TEAM

SNAM

------------------------------------------------------------

Collaboration process and dissemination of a UCD approach for the DIGISERV team

The DIGISERV team, an internal Snam team experienced in Service Design and User
Experience Innovation, expressed the need to formalise and support their work as
designers with both internal teams and Snam's customers. We decided to design a
collaboration process that would highlight the steps, actors and touchpoints to
be used in the collaboration phases, promoting a UCD (User-Centred Design)
approach. In addition, we created a presentation deck of the DIGISERV team in
order to make them easily identifiable within Snam.

SNAM

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Collaboration process and dissemination of a UCD approach for the DIGISERV team

Spreading the culture and methodologies of Service Design among all business
areas ofSNAM by supporting the Digiserv team.

Collaborative process between the DIGISERV team and the rest of the Snam teams.
Toolkit to facilitate user-centric implementation and deployment. Identity of
the DIGISERV team.

Dissemination of the Service Design culture and methodologies among all business
areas of SNAM by supporting the DIGISERV team and enabling the spread of their
knowledge and skills.

We conceived the collaboration process and the support tools for the DIGISERV
team through a project process divided into the following activities: ten
interviews involving internal Snam stakeholders; co-design activities both
remotely and in presence; analysis and finalisation of outputs.The project was
divided into three distinct project strands: DIGISERV Collaboration Process,
DIGISERV Toolkit, DIGISERV Rebranding.For the DIGISERV collaboration process, we
identified a series of use cases aligned with Snam's projects, structuring the
project process in 4 macro phases. For each phase, we defined the actors,
actions and tools to be used.In the DIGISERV Toolkit project strand, we
identified a series of tools to support the teams active in the various Snam
projects. For example: Problem Redefinition, User Persona, Journey Map, etc. For
each tool we provided a supporting presentation, a printable PDF file and a map
with all the tools divided into the 4 macro phases of the process, all branded
in line with Snam's identity.Finally, for DIGISERV Rebranding, we developed a
presentation of the DIGISERV team, defining their identity, the services offered
and the pillars of the team. These elements were integrated into a branded
presentation deck for the DIGISERV team.

SNAM

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
