COMPANY LIFE TOLD BY EMPLOYEES THROUGH A SOCIAL MEDIA CAMPAIGN

------------------------------------------------------------

Company life told by employees through a social media campaign

The client, a leader in premium, luxury, and sports eyewear, asked for our help
to "open the doors" of the company to potential candidates and followers,
boosting the company’s awareness and reputation on social media. 

We designed a social communication format consisting of short video pills that
present the distinctive variety of job areas and functions within the company
through employee voices. 

Through fragments of workplace life, thoughts, experiences, and advice, each
video pill was dedicated to the story of an employee and his/her role in the
company.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Company life told by employees through a social media campaign

Foster client's presence on social media through authentic content that shares
employees' experiences within the company to both improve the employer branding
positioning and recruiting strategy.

A concept and a format designed for Instagram, Facebook, and LinkedIn, based on
short video pills that revolve around the career of some of the most passionate
employees.

The new format was adopted by the company worldwide, from Brazil to the US,
contributing to enrich the client's social media feed with more employee-
centered content.

Client's Group Talent & Employer branding and the Corporate Communications team
needed to boost the company's social media presence giving more relevance to
authentic, employee-centered content on corporate social feeds (Instagram,
LinkedIn, Facebook).

The objective of the Talent & Employer branding team, specifically, was twofold:

to spread knowledge of the many and dynamic possible career paths within the
company;

to attract a specific target through different channels.

We designed a format based on 1-minute video pills that unveiled the careers of
some employees, their roles, and their relationships with teams.

The format was structured starting from short unconventional interviews inspired
by the company's unique selling points.

Each pill described the employee's role focusing on skills required, company
values, challenges, or experiences worth sharing.

Employees co-designed the content with our support, expressing themselves while
respecting institutional guidelines and images.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
