CONTENT PRODUCTION PROCESS MAPPING AND REFRAMING

------------------------------------------------------------

Content Production Process Mapping and Reframing

The rapid rise of digital in recent years combined with the ever-increasing need
of being more relevant to specific markets needs and costumers expectations are
forcing a radical change in both the strategy and the model through which
organizations handle their digital contents.

An Italian luxury brand operating worldwide with 4 lines of product wanted us to
challenge their organizational structure, processes, and capabilities, raising
key questions to reshape their strategy.

We provided both a look inside, mapping the sentiment of people and a look
outside to provide inspiration and direction.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Content Production Process Mapping and Reframing

As an Italian company operating worldwide, the client struggled to face the
glocal digital challenges and needed to understand how to reorganize to deliver
fast without losing identity and relevance.

Map the company’s as-is Marketing Content Production & Management process.
Provide an inspirational overview of emerging trends that are reshaping
marketing structures and talent acquisition methods.

Key insights from 18 internal interviews, 5 visual maps, 5 drivers of change, 6
organizational trends, 5 marketing trends, 15 strategic questions to answer to
define their evolution trajectory.

A look inside – To collect information about the current situation, we run 18
internal interviews with the 4 main markets, the 4 lines of products, the 9 HQ
teams, and the VP. In addition, we studied client's internal documents, the
software,s and the tools involved in their processes.

A look outside – At the same time, we conduct primary research on the external
context on 4 different levels: market, organization, marketing, team. Firstly,
we defined the main drivers of change coming from the market that are forcing
every industry to adapt to. Organizations today need to evolve to survive, so we
highlighted the new experiments, models, and structures both at the
organizational and marketing level. In the end, we focused on defining the new
role of the marketer, its future job, and required capabilities. 

Analysis – By putting together all the information and perspectives on the two
previous research, we highlighted correlations, impacts, and priorities among
the different insights. We connected the dots and made this visible through
visual maps they use also to spread the findings easily within the company.

So what – Once we got a complete overview, we extracted key strategic questions
for top management as a starting point for company's evolution.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
