CONVERSATIONAL AGENT TO SUPPORT THE NEGOTIATION PROCESS AND THE OPTIMAL PRICE

INTESA SAN PAOLO

------------------------------------------------------------

Conversational agent to support the negotiation process and the optimal price

Intesa Sanpaolo wants to equip itself with a system to elaborate the optimal
price, and also wants to support its employees in negotiating with the customer.
Through Bain, he asked us to develop a conversational agent capable of obtaining
information on banking systems and creating dashboards for price simulation.
Furthermore, he has asked us to train his staff to be able to manage these tools
independently. The project started in 2021 and will probably finish in 2024.

INTESA SAN PAOLO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Conversational agent to support the negotiation process and the optimal price

The Bank wants to equip itself with innovative tools for processing the optimal
price, support for price negotiation and the retrieval of complex information.

Consultancy for the construction of the chatbot and technical expertise;
training on the use of Dialogflow, design of the trading dashboard

Construction of 3 use cases in 1 year; 2 training cycles with the Pricing group;
2 phases of co-design with Pricing and with the Network; budget increase for
2023

Intesa Sanpaolo wants to provide their employees with a tool to help them
negotiate the optimal price with their clients.

Is the client eligible for a discount covenant? How much is this client
currently yielding to the bank? Can I allow the client a discount on his or her
mortgage without damaging the bank’s revenues?

The chatbot can answer all of these questions by gathering data from all sorts
of bank sources. It allows employees to express their questions in a natural
manner, and it answers them briefly with all the relevant information.During
2022, a training activity was also carried out for the Pricing people (i.e., the
ISP office that commissioned the project from us). The goal was to make ISP
people autonomous in managing the chatbot and building new use cases.2023 will
be dedicated to building dashboards for branch managers to simulate the optimal
price, as well as enriching the chatbot with new conversational use cases.

INTESA SAN PAOLO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
