CONVERSATIONAL ASSISTANT FOR DATA ENTRY AND VOICE DATABASE QUERIES

------------------------------------------------------------

Conversational assistant for data entry and voice database queries

The sales agents of Fratelli Beretta, an Italian company specializing in the
production of cured meats, travel frequently to collect orders from various
customers. The compilation of orders often takes place initially on paper forms
and/or on excel sheets, which are then entered into a management system. An
innovative solution is required to facilitate and automate the work of the
agent, making it more efficient.

We proposed the implementation of a conversational assistant integrated into
Google Assistant, a PoC that allows salespeople to use their voice to manage
orders and warehouse inventory.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Conversational assistant for data entry and voice database queries

Make customer order management and warehouse management business processes
easier and more standardized through a conversational assistant that can be
queried from smartphones.

A voice app for Google Assistant with authentication functionality, integrated
with systems that manage orders and a customer mailing service.

The system leverages voice to make order and inventory management in the
warehouse more efficient and faster. The app repeats information entered and
provides greater control capabilities.

Speech recognition is becoming an increasingly common way we interact with
technology on a regular basis. What humans say is turning into valuable data
that companies can use to sell products and create personalized experiences for
their customers.

In this context, Fratelli Beretta asked us to implement a solution that would
help their sales agents to make more efficient the process of order management
and stock control, previously done through spreadsheets or paper forms.

Therefore, we developed via PoC a conversational assistant that is integrated
with Google Assistant and can be queried via smartphone. Agents can enter new
orders and consult previous orders through voice commands, after a simple
authentication in the application.

The assistant is integrated with the systems that manage orders and with a
mailing service that sends the agent a summary of the order entered and that
solicits manual correction, in case of receipt of incomplete or non-compliant
information.

The solution improves the quality of employee work and provides greater control
over processes, which become standard, efficient and fast. This allows the agent
to focus on activities that add more value to the company.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
