COOPERATIVE BUSINESS PROCESS REENGINEERING: CO-DESIGN APPLIED TO PROCESS REVIEW

CATTOLICA

------------------------------------------------------------

Cooperative Business Process Reengineering: co-design applied to process review

Gruppo Cattolica is one of the biggest players in the Italian insurance market.
The aim of Cattolica's Operations function is to simplify its operating model,
to streamline procedures, speed up activities, and automate highly manual tasks
to free up employees' resources for higher value-added tasks, thus upgrading
them in terms of skills.

We supported Cattolica in managing a new way to approach traditional Business
Process Reengineering with a bottom-up and fully-cooperative method, involving
operating resources (employees) in the critical analysis of their daily
processes.

CATTOLICA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Cooperative Business Process Reengineering: co-design applied to process review

Reduce work volume and the effort required to manage the company's operations
while optimizing processes and working methods.

A highly-open and collaborative bottom-up redesign method, involving all
relevant stakeholders regardless of seniority and length of service to the
company.

The redesign of about 50 internal procedures, with an estimated impact of
reducing the operation facility's workload by about 20% and saving more than €1
million per year.

The project started with a diagnostic look at operations procedures, identifying
about 50 of them, which were characterized as work-intensive with a high rate of
manual activities with low added value.The project was conducted encouraging
full participation, with more than 60 people actively involved in workshops for
the analysis and collaborative redesign of procedures, from all levels of
seniority, in an atmosphere of full transparency. The procedures were divided
between "simple" and "complex" and were approached through two distinct formats:
a session lasting 2 hours with 2 participants, and a mini-workshop lasting 4
hours with 5-6 participants.

During the sessions, the group completed the following activities: Analysis of
concrete daily activities, mapping of the real as-is (deviation from
"institutional" mapping). Identification of process, systems, and relationship
issues, with clustering and unification according to problem areas. Overall
summary of the relevant findings and participatory identification of possible
solutions, with collective rewriting of key procedures. After the sessions, we
produced an estimate with operations members, outlining possible time and
resource savings associated with the redesign, and designed a shared bottom-up
KPI and performance management framework with which they measured themselves in
the execution phase of the simplification plan.

CATTOLICA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
