CRAFTING A NEW PURPOSE-DRIVEN CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE FOR A LUXURY BRAND

------------------------------------------------------------

Crafting a new purpose-driven customer experience for a luxury brand

The project aimed to enhance the overall customer experience for a fashion
luxury brand in France by understanding pain points, refining brand perceptions,
and building the brand’s emotional signature. Through on-field research and
customer interviews, insights were synthesized into customer journey maps.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Crafting a new purpose-driven customer experience for a luxury brand

The client is a fashion luxury company that embodies the concept of 'Luxury with
purpose'. They asked us to design a new purpose-driven Customer Experience that
conveys this new positioning.

A comprehensive approach to improving the customer experience by understanding
customer needs, refining brand messaging, and designing purpose-driven
experiences aligned with the brand's values.

The emotional signature guided the design of activation moments. Two Proof of
Concept were launched. Manifesto and guidelines were created to apply the
signature. All of the results have been applied.

The project aimed to elevate the customer experience across three moments: the
purchase experience, after-sales, and events&fashion shows. Targeting Very
Important Clients (VIC) and Millennials, the project sought to identify pain
points, refine brand perceptions, and improve the overall experience in line
with the brand's purpose.

The first phase involved on-field research through internal stakeholder
interviews to assess the as is, fueled by customer interviews to gauge
perception of the brand and shopping experiences. To support and validate the
insights, Voice of Customer survey data were exploited through our text analysis
tool. Trend research added depth to understanding.

Insights were organized using a live customer journey mapping tool, categorizing
opportunities across stages.

The brand's emotional signature (meaning the way the brand makes its purpose
tangible) was crafted merging  insights and brand values. Activation moments
were designed to align with the signature, including product storytelling. Eight
purpose-driven concepts were developed through a co-design workshop.

A brand manifesto and practical guidelines were developed for touchpoint
application, such as one-to-one client communication, client experience in
store, client events. Two Proof of Concept were launched to rethink packaging
and enhance the VIC retail experience.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
