CREATIVE CONCEPT FOR A NEW FRAGRANCE

------------------------------------------------------------

Creative concept for a new fragrance

Research, define and develop a creative concept for two new fragrances belonging
to a high-end perfume collection, leveraging effective storytelling in line with
the brand narrative, product line and business objectives. Starting with an
understanding, benchmarking and trend mapping phase, the insights gathered were
translated into several concept proposals – each illustrated by name, claim,
story and visual moodboard.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Creative concept for a new fragrance

Development of creative concepts for 2 new fragrances part of a high-end perfume
collection, focusing on the development of a coherent storytelling in line with
specific targets, objectives and needs.

A trend research within the beauty and fragrances market, a creative co-design
workshop, and the development of 9 concept proposals. Also, a competitor
research was conducted to validate the concepts.

-

In preparation for the launch of two new fragrances, part of a high-end
fragrance collection, the client requested support in developing two concepts in
line with existing storytelling, business objectives and a specific target
audience.   The process evolved from an understanding phase: a trend research
exploring the beauty and fragrance industry - with a focus on the role fragrance
plays for new generations of consumers in the target markets of the United
States and Asia. The involvement of the marketing and product teams in a co-
design workshop enabled the collection of all the elements that could be used to
best express the identity of a product, both tangible and intangible, through an
analytical and sensory approach. By gathering expectations, strategic objectives
and all the underlying meanings of the collection, the central phase of the
project focused on translating the findings into concept proposals. Each concept
was defined by a name, a claim, a story (idea, narrative, description) and a
visual moodboard.Once the concept that best met the client's needs was selected,
competitive research was conducted to validate its effectiveness and treatment
by other brands. The final step of the project was to help the client define the
names of the fragrances.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
