CREW 2021: A NEW WAY TO RUN R&D PROJECTS

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Crew 2021: a new way to run R&D projects

In the musical field, crews are groups whose members collaborate on a joint
artistic project. At MAIZE, we borrowed this term to define self-constituted
groups of people that, using a given budget available, work for four months on a
project of their choosing. At the end of the period, the Crews present the
results of their work during a “battle”, a special event where they share the
results with the Innovation team and a wider audience.

The Crews are our way of managing the know-how and the internal processes of
R&D. The outputs produced, concrete and tangible, become part of our expertise —
and, possibly, our offering.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Crew 2021: a new way to run R&D projects

Innovation requires freedom, consistency, resources, practices, and people to
support new ideas. In our team, we want everyone to be able to contribute to the
research and development process.

For 4 years we have been growing our innovation culture with the Crews, our way
of managing research and development processes. Few rules, a lot of freedom, and
4 months to produce concrete results.

We dedicate time, resources, and consistency to research and development. Many
Crews projects become an integral part of our products or services and help us
improve our internal processes.

Crews are the way we manage our research and development processes and create
innovation. Their aim is to broaden our horizons, learn new things and develop
new services to use in our organization and offer to our customers.

Each of us has the ability to change what we do and how we do it. At the
beginning of each year, regardless of seniority level or role within the
organization, each of us can put together a Crew focused on a topic of common
interest members would like to explore. The research areas are the most varied,
from technology to the world of culture: the only element that must not be
missing in the project is the ability to bring innovation.

To create a Crew you need a team of at least three people, a budget, and an
abstract that tells the objectives of the proposed activity. All of us are
involved in voting the Crews that will carry out their projects throughout the
year, each for a period of four months.

At the end of this cycle, each group presents the results of the work in the
moment of the "battle", an arena for the dissemination of research outputs in
front of colleagues and the wider public. After this event, the Crews disband.
Many projects born in these R&D activities become an integral part of our
services or help us concretely improve our internal processes.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
