CSR SUMMER SCHOOL, AN INTENSIVE COURSE ON SUSTAINABILITY.

ENEL GREEN POWER

------------------------------------------------------------

CSR Summer School, an intensive course on sustainability.

Enel Green Power is a subsidiary of the Enel Group dedicated to the development
and management of energy production from renewable sources.

With the objective of encouraging more personal and individual engagement
towards the topic of sustainability, Enel GP launched its first sustainability
school for employees.

We designed a 5-day full immersion course focused on sustainability, delivering
it to 30 Enel GP managers working at different stages of the development process
of Enel GP sites.

ENEL GREEN POWER

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Education, Publishing • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

CSR Summer School, an intensive course on sustainability.

Enel GP wanted to develop a new experience for its managers, to increase their
awareness of sustainability and provide them with new tools and ideas to engage
with it in their daily activities.

A 5-day full immersion course on sustainability combining inspirational talks
and co-design sessions.

Involvement of 8 external speakers (guest of honor, Marc Buckley), delivery of 3
sustainable trend presentations, a 9-hour co-design workshop and 1 intercultural
communication workshop.

The project started with an explorative phase: we conducted in-depth interviews
with Enel GP employees selected to take part in the initiative and collected
data on their experiences with sustainability and multiculturalism, as well as
on their feelings, thoughts, and expectations about the course. After we
presented the results to Enel GP, they experienced a focus group session where
they collaborated on defining key course topics. 

We developed the final structure of the course. The activities were organized in
a 5-day program. Day 1: introduction of the project and presentation of results
related to qualitative analysis. After two internal lectures performed by Enel
GP, sustainable futurist and climate activist Marc Buckley delivered an
inspirational talk on sustainability and its imminent developments, challenges,
and opportunities. Day 2-3: inspirational talks on sustainability in business
and in people’s private lives, followed by the co-design workshop. Participants
were divided into groups and identified opportunities for sustainability, both
in their business and personal life. Day 4: groups selected one idea based on
emerging opportunities and developed it. The inspirational talks of the day
focused on the future of sustainability. Day 5: Participants finalized their
ideas and shared them through an elevator pitch. Moreover, they attended an
intercultural communication workshop organized in partnership with Ca’ Foscari.

ENEL GREEN POWER

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Education, Publishing • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
