CULTURAL HERITAGE MANAGEMENT THROUGH STATISTICAL MODELS

FITZCARRALDO - CARIPLO

------------------------------------------------------------

Cultural heritage management through statistical models

There are more than 18 thousand historic public buildings in Lombardia, but 67%
of these are abandoned or unused. On a national scale, the problem is not much
different. Because of the complexity of factors to be considered, the
requalification of cultural assets is challenging, and the difficulties are
further increased for decision-makers who have to prioritize and choose among
various objectives and types of interventions.

FITZCARRALDO - CARIPLO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Cultural heritage management through statistical models

The goal of the project is to build a statistical model that will enable
decision-makers to evaluate different scenarios of cultural heritage
intervention.

After conducting data collection from various sources, 3 models that can provide
insights into the buildings under analysis were tested.

An automatic process has been developed that analyzes "historical" data by
producing reports with model insights; in addition, the process is re-executable
with new data collection.

There are more than 18 thousand historic public buildings in Lombardia, but 67%
of these are abandoned or unused. Through their calls for proposals IC_Cultural
Innovation, CheFare, and CheFare2, the Fitzcarraldo and Cariplo Foundations
asked us to design statistical models from data on cultural heritage
characteristics, interventions, and territory. The ultimate goal of the project
is to enable decision-makers to evaluate different scenarios of intervention in
this regard.Initially, we took care together with Fondazione Fitzcarraldo to
collect different data sources, which contained information about cultural
heritage in Lombardy and contextual information about the territory. In
addition, to investigate citizens' perceptions of cultural heritage, a chatbot
was developed through CELI.dialog and web data were collected and analyzed with
CELI.analytics. The collected datasets were used to develop 3 models, which
allow different insights to be extracted from the data. The procedure works on a
historical data pool and generates reports containing insights from the models.
With the pool of data available to us and the use of approaches that take into
account the specific characteristics of the dataset, it was possible to obtain
models with adequate accuracy. The results are being analyzed to assess both the
reliability on historical data and the applicability of the methodology to
future decisions.

FITZCARRALDO - CARIPLO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
