DATA MASKING ON LEGAL DOCUMENTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Data Masking on legal documents

GFL (Giuffrè Francis Lefebvre) is a publisher and provider of tools, management
software and information solutions in the legal field. They need to
automatically anonymize the processed documents, in order to hide personal
information that would identify an individual or legal entity mentioned in a
specific document.The possible solution is to develop a product based onMAIZE's
AnonymAI technology. Phase 0 of the Data Masking project aimed to gather
anonymization requirements and show the feasibility (through a POC) of automatic
anonymization of judgments.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Data Masking on legal documents

A product for anonymizing entities concerning individuals or legal entities in
legal documents.

A POC based on AnonymAI with an extension of the pre-existing rules according to
the legal domain and requirements.

The POC was successful, setting the stage for Phase 1 of the project in which
the suspended requirements will be fulfilled.

GFL (Giuffrè Francis Lefebvre) is a publisher and provider of tools, management
software and information solutions in the legal field. Dealing with documents,
files and judgments in the legal field, it is essential that personal
information cannot be traced through consultation and reading of these. For this
reason, they need to automatically anonymize the processed documents in order to
hide personal information that would identify an individual or legal entity
mentioned in a specific document.We proposed ourselves to GFL with a product
based on AnonymAI, the proprietary technology of MAIZE.Phase 0 of the Data
Masking project was aimed at gathering functional requirements and demonstrating
the feasibility of automatic sentencing anonymization through a POC. To this
end, a roadmap document was drafted indicating the different functional
requirements, the difficulty assigned to them, and the phase of work in which
these requirements must be met.During the POC, one-third of the total
requirements were met, leaving the remaining to Phase 1.Finally, it was created
a demonstration dashboard that allowed GFL to browse and analyze the results of
the POC, comparing the original and anonymized documents.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
