DEEP LEARNING MODEL FOR PDC RECLASSIFICATION (CHART OF ACCOUNTS)

------------------------------------------------------------

Deep Learning model for PDC reclassification (Chart of Accounts)

An Italian company that produces software for professionals and businesses is
evaluating the possibility of integrating Deep Learning modules for the
classification of PDC items within a management system. The hypothesis of
integration between model and management provides that the system provides a
series of suggestions to the user to be used later to make the reclassification.

The proposed solution, a suggester based on Deep Learning, provides 15
alternatives of associations based on the standard items in the PDC, has been
successfully simulated on the client's datasets and is being evaluated for
integration into the systems.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Deep Learning model for PDC reclassification (Chart of Accounts)

The client needs an automated tool for standardizing and classifying user input
budget sheet items against standard budget sheet items.

A Google BERT-based Deep Learning system that, from a user-entered custom entry,
generates the classification of a canonical entry in the Chart of Accounts.

The suggester provides 15 association alternatives based on the standard entries
in the PDC. The current goal is to integrate the system into the customer's
internal management system.

An Italian software house updates software solutions and develops collaboration
and sharing web platforms for professional firms and associations that want to
offer new services to companies, based on the digital innovation push brought by
electronic invoicing.

As part of the innovation of an internal management system, the client asked us
for an automatic tool for the reclassification of PDC items (Piano Dei Conti,
which means Chart of Accounts) entered by users, and therefore not standard,
towards the canonical PDC items. Therefore, we decided to implement a suggester
based on Google BERT that, starting from a custom entry inserted by the user, is
able to generate the classification of a standard entry in the PDC.

The solution has been simulated on a customer dataset, producing excellent
results: the accuracy of the model varies according to the variation of the
number of classes provided, producing satisfactory results with a total number
of 15 alternatives.

The system has not yet been integrated into the client's management system, but
among the possible evolutions we have thought about the possible integration of
a rule based module for the management of reclassification items and the
application of specific language configurations to improve performance.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
