DEFINING THE NEW KLINC UX/UI STANDARDS AND DESIGN SYSTEM

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining the new Klinc UX/UI standards and design system

Klinc, a brand controlled by insurance giant Zurich, is a totally digital
insurance company. In its first few years it enjoyed a quick and steady growth;
however, with progressive additions of new lines of business and other companies
acquisitions, the customer experience began to be fragmented and sometimes
inconsistent.

To help them build a flawless, uniform experience while staying true to their
values, we first refreshed their visual identity and established its branding
cornerstones. We then proceeded to map their app's user flows, architecture and
UI components in use in order to define the guidelines, UX principles and design
system.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining the new Klinc UX/UI standards and design system

Our client's app faced additions and changes throughout the years which
ultimately made the experience fragmented. Therefore, they asked us a redesign
that could also enable consistency in the future.

First off, we refreshed their brand identity. Then we mapped the app's
architecture and components in order to spot any inconsistency and fix it thanks
to a clear design system and UX principles.

A new brandbook, a design system conceived for all the stakeholders involved and
clear project guidelines are the highlights of the material we provided our
client to drive any future updates.

The first step that allowed us to work right from the start in the direction of
improving and making the user experience of the app more uniform was to revise
the corporate image and define a brand manual to make the resources and design
choices uniform across all touchpoints. A connection to the main brand was
maintained through the colors, but these were slightly modified according to
Klinc's distinctive traits, including being pioneering, young and digital; a new
serif font and large, distinctive icon packs reinforced the personality.

In the meantime, we mapped the flows of the main Lines of Business in detail,
highlighting inconsistencies and points for improvement, also thanks to the
contribution of our client's Product Owners who supported us with analytics and
insights. This has allowed us to define the ideal user flow map for the
processes of quote generation, policy stipulation, activation and cover
management, adaptable according to the Line of Business and also usable to
design new ones when needed.

The last step was the application of the new principles and brand identity to a
real Line of Business, and at the same time the creation of a complete design
system on Figma, made available to their design team.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
