DEFINING A NEW D2C STRATEGY FOR THE FRENCH MARKET

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining a new D2C strategy for the French market

A world leader in the Beauty & Luxury sector asked us to conduct a market
analysis in France to identify consumers’ new needs and business opportunities,
expand its offering and services, and strengthen its Direct-To-Consumer
strategy.

To meet this need, we used our “Customer Journey Mapping & Envisioning”
methodology, combining qualitative and quantitative research techniques and
mapping insights and pain points within the customer journey. In this way, the
customer was able to focus on the most relevant business opportunities,
designing new solutions to test on the market.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Defining a new D2C strategy for the French market

Design a Customer Journey Map to investigate the motivations and needs of
customers and prospects, with the ultimate goal of identifying business
solutions and CX to accelerate the D2C strategy.

Quali-quantitative research to map the customer journey and the needs and pain
points of customers, to identify areas of opportunity on which to build new
solutions and services.

18 clients interviewed, 5 archetypes built, 1 customer journey designed, 26
opportunities explored and weighed with market research, 15 ideas proposed, 5
ideas transformed into business cases.

A world leader in the Beauty & Luxury sector approached us to conduct a market
survey in France to identify consumers’ new needs and business opportunities.
The ultimate goal was to expand the brand’s range of solutions and services and
to strengthen its Direct-To-Consumer strategy.

In a business with mainly indirect distribution, the customer wanted to better
understand the needs and behaviors of customers and prospects on 3 product lines
(skincare, makeup, perfumes) in order to improve services on direct channels
(e-commerce, boutiques, concessions). ﻿To meet these needs, we first carried out
18 qualitative interviews on French territory. Then, we identified 5 behavioral
archetypes and created a Customer Journey Map. This led us to define 26 D2C
development opportunities, subsequently evaluated through a quantitative
investigation (customer satisfaction and expected ROI). With a collaborative
workshop involving more than 30 stakeholders, we later devised 15 solutions and
proceeded, for the most promising 5 among them, to build the related business
cases and action plans.

Currently, the customer is launching 2 pilots to test the solutions on the
market. Our contribution was also decisive in enabling cross-functional
interactions and collaborations, both in the research setup and solution
generation phases.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
