DE&I ROUNDTABLES: INCLUSIVITY SPEAKS LOUDER

------------------------------------------------------------

DE&I Roundtables: Inclusivity Speaks Louder

The objective was to involve the entire company population through moments of
open dialogue around DE&I topics that not only promoted the values of empathy,
respect, and inclusion, on which the company had focused the previous year's
communication campaign, but also stimulated reflection, offered practical
solutions and concretely improved the well-being of all employees. The path we
developed includes:

Three roundtables on key topics (parenting, ageism and disability)

A communication campaign (launch newsletter, survey, feedback)

A podcast with 3 episodes

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

DE&I Roundtables: Inclusivity Speaks Louder

The aim was to engage the entire company in open dialogues to promote empathy,
respect and inclusion through reflections and practical solutions to improve the
well-being of employees.

3 days of workshops open to the entire corporate population to promote
discussions on DE&I issues and generate ideas that can profoundly transform the
organization.

The ideas that emerged from the three workshops are evaluated and subsequently
integrated into an HR action plan, aimed at promoting organisational
transformation.

ROUNDTABLES STRUCTURE 

STORY TIME: Anonymously, participants share 1 to 3 stories, anecdotes, or
situations they have personally experienced at FENDI related to the roundtable’s
theme.

TIME TO SHARE: Once divided into groups focused on a specific sub-theme,
participants reflect on the shared stories and cluster them to identify common
patterns.

NEW PERSPECTIVES: After selecting a thematic cluster to address, participants
define possible actions to take, guided by specific prompts.

TAKE THE STAGE: Each team condenses their idea into a slide and presents it to
the rest of the participants.

SUPPORTING COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGNAn internal communication campaign was launched
to complement the roundtables, including newsletters, save-the-dates, and post-
event updates. Each newsletter promoted the new D&I podcast, where some
participants shared their reflections on the roundtable. The goal was not only
to disseminate the insights gathered during the sessions but also to encourage
further discussions and debates on the topic.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
