DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT OF MAIA, THE AI CHATBOT FOR SYSTEMIC MASTOCYTOSIS
MANAGEMENT

BLUEPRINT MEDICINE ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

Design and Development of MAIA, the AI Chatbot for Systemic Mastocytosis
Management

The project, sponsored by Blueprint Medicines, has led to the creation of an
advanced chatbot powered by artificial intelligence (RAG). MAIA is developed to
support physicians—including specialists in allergology and hematology—in the
management of systemic mastocytosis. The chatbot is designed to provide precise
and timely responses to physician inquiries, thanks to a knowledge base
validated by a scientific board of leading Italian experts. MAIA offers support
for the diagnosis and treatment of the condition, improving the quality of
clinical decisions, helping to train less-experienced specialists, and
facilitating the referral process to qualified centers and specialists.

BLUEPRINT MEDICINE ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

Design and Development of MAIA, the AI Chatbot for Systemic Mastocytosis
Management

To create a digital assistant that supports specialist physicians in the
management of systemic mastocytosis, improving access to updated scientific
information and facilitating diagnosis.

An AI chatbot, based on the CELI.dialog product, developed to respond precisely
to physicians' questions about systemic mastocytosis, whose knowledge base is
validated by a board of experts.

Physician evaluations have revealed an accuracy rate exceeding 80%. MAIA
supports the launch of a new drug for systemic mastocytosis.

MAIA (Mastocytosis AI Assistant) addresses the growing need for physician
support in managing systemic mastocytosis. The chatbot, based on Retrieval-
Augmented Generation (RAG), provides physicians with information regarding the
disease, its management, and its therapeutic and diagnostic pathways, but it is
programmed not to mention specific drugs. It is equipped with a
pharmacovigilance system to monitor any adverse events reported during
conversations.After defining the key topics of interest in collaboration with an
expert scientific board, a curated selection of scientific papers, guidelines,
and recent studies was chosen to form the knowledge base that powers the RAG
model. Since the knowledge base consists of documents in both Italian and
English, the RAG model handles the translation of user queries into multiple
languages. This allows it to retrieve the most relevant source(s), thereby
limiting the risk of providing incorrect information. To prevent translation
errors, the chatbot utilizes a domain-specific dictionary during response
generation. To avoid responses containing drug names, an entity recognition
system reformulates the answer to include only the therapeutic class of the
cited drug. Finally, during the testing phase, physicians were involved in a co-
creation process to establish the gold standard for evaluating the chatbot's
performance and to identify their unmet needs.

BLUEPRINT MEDICINE ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
