DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF A NEW CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE FOR VETERINARY CLINICS

CA' ZAMPA

------------------------------------------------------------

Design and implementation of a new customer experience for veterinary clinics

Ca' Zampa is experiencing significant growth, which has led to the opening of
several new clinics. The leadership team asked us to think about how to make the
customer experience more distinctive and consistent across all clinics.Through a
structured innovation journey, we helped them first define a new strategy and
then develop the customer experience. From defining the new why, through
developing the customer journey, we supported them in defining guidelines for
field roles to deliver the new experience.

CA' ZAMPA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Design and implementation of a new customer experience for veterinary clinics

In order to boost the brand's growth and consolidate its market position, Ca'
Zampa has decided to innovate the customer experience by making it more
homogeneous and distinctive.

Starting from the definition of brand values, we designed the new customer
journeys and facilitated their grounding by defining guidelines and training
content for the field roles.

In order to implement the new customer experience in the clinic, Ca' Zampa
initiated a training path for its field staff based on the guidelines and
content we designed.

The path developed in 3 main phases:PHASE 1: Ca' Zampa first asked itself about
the evolution of its why and defined a manifesto representative of the new
desired positioning. We supported them in translating the new values charter,
extrapolating the key concepts and translating them into the new brand
attributes (brand purpose, pillasts and values). PHASE 2: To flesh out the new
positioning, we created the new ideal brand experience. We designed 4 customer
journeys, each for a different service area, in line with the new brand
positioning and values: we mapped the pet lover's activity flow, services,
touchpoints and messages to be delivered to the customer at each step of the
experience. PHASE 3: To implement the new vision, we finally defined a set of
guidelines consisting of the scripts and behaviours expected from the different
field roles at all stages of the new customer journey. To define this, we
carried out visits to different clinics to define sustainable protocols, taking
into account the specificities and possible implementation barriers of the
different facilities. Finally, we organised a 'train the trainers' session to
pass on the document to future trainers and to co-design the training room
agendas.

CA' ZAMPA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
