DESIGNING THE CONNECTED FLAGSHIP STORE OF THE FUTURE

------------------------------------------------------------

Designing the connected flagship store of the future

Diesel, an Italian retail clothing company, wanted its new San Babila flagship
store (Milan) to be the most advanced, iconic, and memorable source of
inspiration for people who love contemporary challenges — to be something more
than a regular shop.

We accepted the challenge, designing a seamless phygital experience covering the
entire customer journey, from store windows to fitting rooms, providing valuable
business insights for store managers and sales assistants.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2015

------------------------------------------------------------

Designing the connected flagship store of the future

Diesel was in search of a unique concept for its new flagship store in Milan,
that could differentiate it and reflect the brand's essence.

An experiential store, where physical and digital meet, where fashion and
technology coexist in a perfect balance to offer customers an unforgettable
shopping experience.

Thousands of customers actively interacting with store technology, and tons of
data gathered used to customize the experience, optimize store inventory, and
boost sales.

We supported Diesel in designing its new flagship store in San Babila square,
Milan. The store offers an unprecedented experience to its customers, welcoming
them into a journey where fashion meets technology in a seamless way. We
ideated, designed, and realized all the physical and digital components of the
stores, until the actual opening to the public.

Store windows presented a giant videowall, integrated with a motion sensor,
reacting to people walking by the store, capturing their attention and involving
them in an interactive experience with video characters. The experience
increased awareness and in-store traffic.  All products in the store were RFID
tagged in order to react to several touch points. Interactive tables were
scattered around the store, recognizing clothes and giving back contextual
information. Fitting rooms also recognized clothing, providing an additional
layer of information on the mirror, suggesting content or matching styles. Sales
reps tablets were integrated in the fitting room, allowing them to be proactive,
giving advice, or helping find the right fit. All data collected by RFID sensors
were aggregated an analyzed to spot patterns and meaningful insights, driving
store managers' business decisions, inventory, or sales tactics.

The successful format was replicated in other locations (eg. US, Japan).

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2015

------------------------------------------------------------
