DESIGN THINKING ACADEMY, A NEW APPROACH FOR INNOVATION FOR PORSCHE ITALIA

PORSCHE

------------------------------------------------------------

Design Thinking Academy, a new approach for innovation for Porsche Italia

Porsche Italia is investigating futuristic and innovative scenarios that
highlight the fundamental role that the brick and mortar dealer store still has.

In the framework of a more complex project, Porsche needed to enlarge its
customer base, differentiating the experiences for each target of potentially
identified customers.

To reach the goal, we put together a mixed team of Porsche employees and
dealers, bringing many roles and competencies into play to explore the
possibilities of Design Thinking methodologies, identifying solutions, and
improving the synergy between Porsche HQ and dealers.

PORSCHE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Automotive & Petrol • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Design Thinking Academy, a new approach for innovation for Porsche Italia

Identify the pain points and areas of opportunity of the in-store experience of
Porsche dealers, redesigning spaces and customers' interactions through Design
Thinking methodologies and activities.

A three-day path to investigate the brief and deliver solutions for two weeks,
alternating one-day focused plenary sessions at H-FARM CAMPUS with individual
assignments to carry on during the week.

Implementation of a methodology that allowed for synergy among different
departments. Four innovative solutions as outputs to better profile potential
customers and to present to the Board.

The Design Thinking Academy is a format that aims to introduce participants to a
design methodology aimed at solving a brief, based on the creative approach
typical of designers. The DT Academy consists of three phases — coinciding with
the three fundamental phases of Design Thinking: Understand, Ideate, Verify. In
each phase, participants are introduced to the theory of the methodology and to
some practical exercises to become familiar with it. Between one lesson and
another, participants are free to experiment with the methodology on a brief
relevant to their working context. The brief revolved around the question of
what activities and events Porsche could offer to foster the dealer in-store
experience while extending the offer and expanding the customer base. To
investigate the brief at 360 degrees, 4 work teams of five people focused on 4
specific targets: Young generation: to attract a category of users who are not
currently interested in buying a car. Porsche lover: to boost the perception and
strengthen the bond with the brand of potential customers. Avant-gardist: to
satisfy a category of users particularly aware of the ethical and eco-
sustainable impact. Business oriented: to respond to the pragmatic needs of
those who use a corporate SUV car. After the Academy the ideas were presented to
the Board.

PORSCHE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Automotive & Petrol • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
