DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT OF AURORA, THE FIRST ITALIAN RAG FOR INSOMNIA

IDORSIA

------------------------------------------------------------

Design and development of AURORA, the first Italian RAG for insomnia

With the unconditional sponsorship of the pharmaceutical company Idorsia Italy,
it was possible to design and develop the digital assistant AURORA, the first
italian RAG for insomnia capable of answering a wide variety of questions about
the pathology, providing support and disseminating knowledge.The support
provided by a scientific team of experts in the field made it possible to
establish a knowledge base used by the chatbot to fulfill users' requests and
provide practical advice on managing the disorder, but also on lifestyle in
general.

IDORSIA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Design and development of AURORA, the first Italian RAG for insomnia

Develop a digital assistant with authoritative TOV and emotional empathy at the
same time to promote understanding and awareness about insomnia.

A RAG providing scientifically based certified answers distributed on WhatsApp
and dedicated landing page.

AURORA, the first Italian RAG to spread awareness about insomnia, was released
in December 2023.

The development process was carried out by the MAIZE team with sponsorship from
Idorsia through an initial co-design phase that involved a board of medical
specialists in sleep disorders. A workshop held in Bologna allowed all
stakeholders to come together and identify:

 the thematic areas of interest to build the knowledge base of the chatbot

some of the most frequently asked questions by users, within the topic areas

the touchpoints on which to deliver the application

the visual identity and name of the engine

We next implemented a RAG: a natural language queryable search engine that finds
the requested information, reprocesses it, and returns an answer in dialogic
form, citing the sources. The application is also based on domain prompts that
control its behavior and ToV, with a focus on pharmacovigilance issues. The name
AURORA carries with it the positive metaphor of the aurora: that period before
the sun rises and ends the night.AURORA will be able to help people with
insomnia and caregivers by providing certified answers about the condition using
a tone of voice that is both authoritative and empathetic. AURORA will have a
twofold impact: 

help people with insomnia and caregivers by providing certified answers about
the condition using a tone of voice that is both authoritative and empathetic.

To improve the perception of the Idorsia brand by enhancing brand equity.

IDORSIA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
