DESIGN PORTAL, AN INTERNAL PLATFORM ENABLING DIGITAL PRODUCT CREATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Design Portal, an internal platform enabling digital product creation

The Design Technologies department of a global player in the sportswear industry
is in charge of digitizing the product creation processes.

We immediately identified opportunities to improve information access and
automation by creating a new internal community.

The user-centered design engaged product stakeholders, creating a single point
of access for everything from upskilling to software, promoting the company's
new direction, and building bridges between company silos.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Design Portal, an internal platform enabling digital product creation

Digital product creation involves new tools and ad-hoc information flows. The
challenge was to provide easy access to new methods and processes while
concealing the underlying complexities.

An internal digital platform featuring company-leading user experience, smart
automations for common workflows, and a learning center to promote a mindset
change across all involved roles.

A global hub for all product creation employees, constantly evolving thanks to
continuous user involvement; a brand new design language that became the new
standard for internal digital tools.

We supported the company with a multi-faceted, long-term project started with a
research phase, deeply investigating the needs of the different product-related
experts in the company (footwear, textiles, visuals, development...) and
involving them in dedicated co-design activities.

We then conceptualized a new digital hub around the new digital processes. We
started testing proof of concepts with employees through advocacy sessions. We
provided direct support to Product Ownership and worked jointly with the Change
Management teams.

The project took about 2 years. We reached about 500 users across 3 continents.
We developed 8 apps within the main portal, from visual and creative inspiration
to collaboration tools, from training materials to asset and process automation
tools.

The project has highlighted the importance of listening (putting yourself in the
users' shoes and getting to know their daily operating environment); the
importance of interpreting both the company's and the users' needs when
developing new functionalities and strategies; the need to simplify the initial
problem in order to start building a more and more complete solution.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
