DEVELOPMENT OF A GROWTH STRATEGY FOR A LAUNDRY SERVICE

------------------------------------------------------------

Development of a growth strategy for a laundry service

In 2019, we assisted a MNE in the manufacturing industry that had recently added
a laundry service to its portfolio targeting both work offices and consumers. In
the B2B2C model, they set up a small area within the office where employees can
drop their laundry and pick it up clean a few days later. In the B2C model,
consumers can access the service via retailers or postal services.

We supported the client in defining an actionable growth strategy for this
service through a co-design workshop and a research report focused on growth
opportunities.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Development of a growth strategy for a laundry service

Identify a set of strategic growth initiatives for the service to be implemented
in the short term that would meet the business plan targets without affecting
current margins.

A research report with 40 market cases used to inspire, develop and define
opportunities during a 2-days co-design workshop and an actionable growth
strategy report.

Generation of 190 growth ideas during the workshop, fine-tuning and
rationalization of the output, prioritization of 30 growth initiatives
classified in 6 strategic clusters.

Starting from the needs of the client, the initial phase of the project
consisted of a market research in which we developed a report containing 40
market cases representing innovative startups and business models, creative
marketing campaigns and new disruptive technology. Each example was selected
carefully as a benchmark to outline potential opportunities in terms of
distribution channels, marketing initiatives, business models and operational
improvements.

The report was used as an inspirational input during a 2-day co-design workshop
involving key stakeholders of the company. During this activity, participants
generated over 190 growth ideas that were fine-tuned with the assistance of our
facilitators.

We used the output of the workshop to develop an actionable strategic report
which highlighted 30 key initiatives clustered in 6 areas: Marketing Tactics,
Distribution Channels, Offering Upgrade, Customer Experience Improvements, New
Offering, Revenue Model. Each initiative was associated with a ranking
score defined by its impact (Revenue Uplift and Profit
Resistance) and feasibility (Time to Market and Operational Complexity). Further
details were specified for each initiative: objectives, KPIs, key hypotheses to
be tested, and short-term roadmap. The client proceeded with the implementation
of several initiatives.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
