DIGITAL COMMUNICATION ACADEMY

INTERCEPT PHARMACEUTICALS

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Communication Academy

Digital Communication Academy is a training course, built from the needs of
Intercept Pharmaceuticals, to strengthen the digital skills of the company's
population and improve engagement of their stakeholders (payers, clinicians,
institution). 

At the end of three training sessions, structured on 3 different levels (theory,
inspiration and tools), participants were able to ground a digital communication
strategy to be implemented in the company.

INTERCEPT PHARMACEUTICALS

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Communication Academy

Accelerated upskilling on hard and soft digital communication skills on a
different company population (sales, market access, medical, etc.).

A hybrid training path that combines digital communication methodology, cross-
industry replicable inspirational elements and learning of digital communication
tools.

3 half days of training and a community on Teams oriented towards innovation and
the adoption of new digital communication methods.

3 half days of training and a community on Teams oriented towards innovation and
the adoption of new digital communication methods: Digital Communication Academy
is a training experience organized for 15 Intercept people that starts from the
needs and the goals of Intercept and the characteristics of the participants.

The course, divided into three events, combines inspirational activities to
innovate the mindset of the participants and workshop moments to encourage the
put in practice of the skills learned.

In parallel to the training course, the participants took part in a Teams
community where they were stimulated every day by sharing the material of the
lessons, inspirational contents and insights and exercises to apply what they
learned in class.

The entire path was designed starting from one of Intercept's core values: "Keep
exploring". All communications and training contents followed the fil rouge of
the travel metaphor. This allowed for the creation of a convincing storytelling
that connected all the elements of the course; to adapt our narration to the
language of our client; to involve all the participants.

A practical guide to digital tools was also generated and that can be used by
the entire company population to collaborate internally and externally with
stakeholders.

INTERCEPT PHARMACEUTICALS

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
