DIGITAL MARKETING GAME AS APPLICATION MOMENT FOR THE DIGITAL UPSKILLING PATH

L'OREAL GROUP

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Marketing Game as application moment for the Digital Upskilling Path

L’Oréal has a structured Digital Marketing Team and its Junior Specialist
members need to be trained on new digital topics. The Digital Upskilling Path
met this need in an 8-month project that involved a series of training sessions.

At the end of the program, we organized a Digital Marketing Game: a clever,
engaging, and deeply immersive simulation of a marketing campaign that
incorporated a number of key factors. We let people experience a new way of
applying knowledge to solve real problems by combining the tools and methods of
Design Thinking with Gamification dynamics.

L'OREAL GROUP

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Marketing Game as application moment for the Digital Upskilling Path

Design an engaging and memorable moment for all the people involved in the
training course. The one-day activity had to be a great celebration moment which
put in practice the knowledge acquired.

A business game called Digital Marketing that engaged six different teams. Six
challenges, a defined budget, and six hours to ideate the best digital marketing
strategy.

We engaged with +30 young employees who interacted with each other with the
final aim of solving challenging briefs. A memorable celebration moment for the
Digital Marketing Unit of L’Oréal Group

After a six-month-long seminar about Digital Marketing dynamics, we wanted to
provide the best conclusion for the employees of the L’Oréal Group's Marketing
Unit. 

We engaged them first through an activation mailing and an on-line magazine
spreading the most relevant trends and marketing campaigns in the DM world. 

Six hours of activities using Design Thinking Methodology and Gamification
dynamics during which thirty young employees challenged each other to create a
marketing campaign that was creative, functional, and effective.

Each group had a budget to be used for the initial auction for the assignment of
the briefs. The rest of the budget had to be used to structure their campaign:
buying media and communication channels, asking for advice and buying DM
consultants to cover unexpected events.

The groups presented their ideas and were judged by a grand jury according to
different qualitative and quantitative criteria.

L'OREAL GROUP

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
