DIGITAL CONTAGIOUS, A SERIES OF EVENTS TO PROMOTE AN INNOVATIVE MINDSET INSIDE
THE COMPANY

ANGELINI PHARMA

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Contagious, a series of events to promote an innovative mindset inside
the Company

Digital Contagious is an initiative created to spread innovative thinking,
inspire and promote change among Angelini Pharma Italy employees, enriching
their knowledge about the digital world. It consists of 4 online events curated
by us, with talks by KOLs and startups from different disciplines related to
innovation, with a special focus on new technologies and the pharmaceutical
sector. One of the events of the review is DIALOG, a strategic summit dedicated
to Digital Health that aims to identify strategic paths and possible future
trajectories for innovation within the organization.

ANGELINI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Contagious, a series of events to promote an innovative mindset inside
the Company

Design the project, curating its content and branding, and dealing with it from
an organizational and operational point of view. Create 4 online events for
employees, keeping audience engagement high.

A program of curated online events with KOL, experts in digital innovation, and
startups. A new visual identity. A strategy paper with possible guidelines for
future innovation in the company.

More than 300 active participants during the events, part of Country Italy and
Angelini Pharma Global community. 8 international KOLs and 3 startups were
involved as speakers.

Digital Contagious is a project designed to promote digital transformation and
an innovative mindset among all Angelini Pharma Italia employees. With a series
of online events, the program aims to spread and enrich the knowledge of the
company's population about the impact of new technologies (such as Metaverse,
VR, and AI) on the Pharma world and beyond.The client asked us to manage the
project from a strategic and operational point of view, increasing audience
engagement and promoting the initiative inside and outside the company. We
created a format of 4 events, curating the content and inviting speakers from
different disciplinary fields related to innovation and startups. Among the
events organized is DIALOG, a summit dedicated to innovation in the field of
Digital Health, with 5 external KOLs. The goal of the summit is to identify
strategic paths and possible future innovation trajectories for the
organization. DIALOG's outputs were then compiled into a magazine-format
document, then distributed to the corporate population. During the meetings, we
kept the level of audience engagement high through quizzes and Q&As. We
conceived a final prize for participants: a series of posters with AI-generated
images, created using the most used words during the meetings. For Digital
Contagious we created a new brand identity and a communication plan, curating
all the textual, graphic, and video content.

ANGELINI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
