DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION STRATEGY FOR A LEADING ITALIAN LUXURY WATCH RETAILER

PISA OROLOGERIA

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital transformation strategy for a leading italian luxury watch retailer

The luxury watch market is going through big changes, where major brands are
increasingly accelerating their direct-to-consumer strategy, and consumers are
becoming more and more digital-savvy. In this context, a leading retailer in
Italy and Europe asked for our support to explore a new digital transformation
strategy to enhance brand positioning among the youngest customer segment and to
generate a more engaging cross-channel customer experience to boost both sales
and services.

PISA OROLOGERIA

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital transformation strategy for a leading italian luxury watch retailer

Identify a strategy to enhance the brand positioning among the youngest customer
segment and to generate more engaging cross-channel customer experience to boost
both sales and services.

An approach that combines desk and qualitative research, customer experience
envisioning, and new concepts to redefine the interaction between the brand and
its audience.

An Innovation Strategy roadmap split into three different waves based on
business priority and technological/organizational feasibility, to achieve
customer experience and business potential.

To best support the transformation journey and face the rising digital landscape
of direct competitors and luxury watch manufacturers, our client asked us to
identify a new cross-channel sales & service strategy.

To respond to the brief, we developed a project split into these phases:

A combo of desk and qualitative research, aimed at gathering market and consumer
insights from the industry.

An insights mapping activity led to defining areas of opportunities to transform
the AS-IS customer journey.

The conception of future sales and services scenarios along the main
customer/brand interaction touchpoints.

The validation and prioritization of these scenarios through a collaborative
workshop together with the management team.

The drafting of a strategic innovation roadmap for business priorities and the
feasibility of activating the scenarios.

We are now supporting the client in assessing the economic cost/revenue
potential for the highest priority scenario.

PISA OROLOGERIA

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
