DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION ROADMAP TO RETHINK CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

CATTOLICA

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Transformation roadmap to rethink customer relationships

Gruppo Cattolica, one of the biggest players in the Italian insurance market,
needed to analyze and redefine its customer experience from 360° taking into
account all touchpoints, both physical (agencies, brokers, Bancassurance,
management) and digital (website, social, apps) with a holistic approach that
took into consideration the internal context of the group, insurance
competitors, and new entrants in the startup ecosystem.

CATTOLICA

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Transformation roadmap to rethink customer relationships

Cattolica needed to rethink its relationship with customers and its distribution
networks, through an approach that put the client and their needs at the
forefront.

A research and analysis project with a 360° context to map needs, friction, and
issues, from the point of view of all actors involved, to outline a strategic
operations roadmap.

A roadmap to transform operations with quick-win and structural actions in the
medium- and long-term, to respond to every insight that emerged during the
analysis.

The project was carried out in several phases that lead to the formulation of
the final roadmap.

A phase of qualitative and quantitative research, which included interviews with
40 internal stakeholders, a road trip to more than 20 agencies throughout Italy
— from Bolzano to Palermo — field interviews with more than 20 clients with
different characteristics, and web questionnaires provided to over 10,000
contacts to validate and measure the critical issues mapped during the
qualitative research.

After the research, an analysis of all the critical issues emerged, combined
with an examination of the Cattolica portfolio, double-checked with the group's
CRM data. In parallel, startup scouting was conducted on the main development
areas of the InsureTech sector. This allowed us to create personas using a data-
driven methodology (unsupervised Random Forest clustering) mapped on the group's
portfolio, so that we could associate specific actions and an estimate of the
economic impact of each of them.

A simulation model of the evolution of the portfolio in 20 years (Time Machine)
and a model of propensity to cross-selling for each customer in the CRM were
also created.

The final outcome of the project was a strategic roadmap: a path of innovative
interventions to be planned over a 3-5 year period.

CATTOLICA

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
