DIGITAL CONTAGIOUS, A JOURNEY THAT PROMOTES AN INNOVATIVE MINDSET WITHIN THE
COMPANY.

ANGELINI PHARMA

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Contagious, a journey that promotes an innovative mindset within the
company.

Digital Contagious is a training and inspirational program dedicated to the
employees of Angelini Pharma Italia. It was created with the aim of promoting an
innovative mindset and encouraging digital transformation. The project consists
of a series of events featuring renowned speakers who are invited to share
experiences and best practices. Topics covered include Artificial Intelligence,
Data Trust, Wearability, Gamification, and New Social and Interactions.

In 2024, the project won first place in the 'Corporate Team Engagement' category
at the AboutPharma Digital Awards.

ANGELINI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Digital Contagious, a journey that promotes an innovative mindset within the
company.

Design the journey, taking care of the content and branding, while managing it
from an organizational and operational perspective. Create events for employees,
ensuring high audience engagement.

An online event program featuring expert speakers in digital innovation and
artificial intelligence. A new visual identity. A Glossary with over 50
definitions, concrete examples, and images.

Over 300 active participants at each event, more than 16 speakers involved,
winner of the About Pharma Digital Awards 2024.

Digital Contagious is a project designed to promote digital transformation and
an innovative mindset among the entire workforce of Angelini Pharma Italia.
Through a series of events, the initiative aims to enhance employees'
understanding of how new technologies impact the pharmaceutical world, fostering
the development of new digital-based projects across different Business Units.We
managed the project from both a strategic and operational perspective, boosting
audience engagement and promoting the initiative internally and externally,
including on LinkedIn. We created a format, carefully curating content and
inviting speakers from various fields. Topics ranged from the Metaverse and
generative AI to the future and ethics of artificial intelligence. Participants
had the opportunity to experiment with new AI-based tools, learning about Large
Language Models and how to craft effective prompts.We hosted notable figures
such as Fabrizio Gervasoni, Head Physician of the Physical Medicine and
Rehabilitation Department at Luigi Sacco Hospital in Milan; Robert Wolcott, Co-
founder of TWIN; Luca Foresti, CEO Centro Medico Sant'Agostino; Massimo
Temporelli, physicist and science communicator; Vittorio Di Tomaso, Partner at
MAIZE - a Jakala company and co-founder of CELI; and Cristina Pozzi, CEO and Co-
founder of Edulia.

ANGELINI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
