DIRECT TO CONSUMER GLOBAL DIGITAL PLATFORM

ANGELINI

------------------------------------------------------------

Direct to consumer global digital platform

Angelini Pharma, the pharmaceutical division of Angelini Group, asked our help
to develop a global digital platform with the aim of strengthening the digital
presence of the brand.

The platform targets end-users with the objective of creating a global digital
channel that increases the brand experience and the relation with the final
customer. 

The digital touchpoint needs to follow a unique global strategy but at the same
time needs to take into account the regional diversities and business needs.

ANGELINI

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Direct to consumer global digital platform

Analyze business needs and peculiarities among 8 different EU countries in order
to co-design a unique global touchpoint targeting the end consumer.

An innovation path that went from the identification of promising ideas to the
fast development and wireframing of one solution through 4 co-design sprint
sessions.

We mapped the most relevant business needs from the EU countries and developed
the wireframe of the new digital touchpoint taking into consideration all the
inputs gathered.

The project has been developed in 3 main steps:

1) BRIEF DEFINITION: we organized an interview session tackling two different
stakeholders: 15 patients in order to map digital behaviors and expectations
about the new touchpoint; 14 Internal Angelini stakeholders from 8 countries to
understand their actual digital ecosystem and identified shared need patterns.
Thanks to these interviews we guided Angelini in the definition of the brief and
the understanding of the patient's needs.

2) CO-DESIGN SPRINT: once the challenge was defined, we organized 4 sprint
sessions in order to co-design with internal stakeholders the platform concept
and define the high-level wireframe. The activities were divided as follows:
Sprint 1 – Customer archetype definition and validation through real patient
interviews; Sprint 2 –digital patient journey and idea generation session
tackling real patients needs; Sprint 3 – value proposition definition and first
wireframe review; Sprint 4 – overall platform governance definition and second
wireframe review.

3) WIREFRAME DESIGN: at the end of the 4 sprints, we designed a functional
wireframe taking into consideration the insights of the sprints. Once validated,
we provided Angelini the wireframe ready to be implemented autonomously.

ANGELINI

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
