DJ NOVA, STRATEGY AND CULTURE WORKING TOGETHER TO ACTIVATE INNOVATION

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

------------------------------------------------------------

DJ NOVA, strategy and culture working together to activate innovation

Novartis Oncology, a business unit of Novartis Pharmaceutical, needed to build
its innovation strategy, foster a strong innovative mindset shift and start to
develop innovation projects.

They were looking for a holistic approach that could activate the whole
population of 280 employees, dislocated across Italy.

We designed a project consisting of 2 macro streams: strategic and cultural.
Through the strategic stream, we worked together with the Top Management and
build the Innovation Masterplan. Through the cultural stream, we designed and
implemented two business games and a learning system.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

DJ NOVA, strategy and culture working together to activate innovation

Design and implement innovation strategy to differentiate from competitors and
trigger cultural transformation across the whole organization.

A strategic and a cultural stream of projects made up of internal and external
research, envisioning workshops, business games, e-learning, and a company-wide
hackathon.

Innovation Masterplan and cultural shift of 200+ people activated across
multiple company-wide activities.

In the Strategic Stream we started with the research phase interviewing 1-to-1
all the members of the leadership team and running a trend research and startup
scouting.

The research served as inspirational input for the Envisioning Workshop, where
we co-designed with the Leadership team the medium-long term strategic
directions.

Starting with the workshop, we designed the Innovation Masterplan, an actionable
innovation plan made up of an Organizational Manifesto with 10 principles, a 14
innovative projects portfolio, and 4 strategic areas for the Beyond the pill
initiatives.

In the Cultural Stream, we started by activating maize.PLUS, MAIZE digital
mindset and learning platform, for the whole organization to upskill them on
innovation. We engage the population through games with Paperleaves, a digital
game where each team stepped into a startup's shoes to deal with changeable
consumers and competitors. We also design Startup Adventure, an interactive
learning experience where Novartis’ employees can experience first-hand the
working style and the mindset typical of a startup, in a safe environment. 

We finally merged the streams in a company-wide Hackathon where 200+started
implementing the innovation strategy by leveraging what they learn throughout
the cultural stream.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
