E-DISTRIBUZIONE, A NON-CONVENTIONAL FORMAT TO CONVEY LEARNING INFORMATION
THROUGH VIDEOS

------------------------------------------------------------

E-distribuzione, a non-conventional format to convey learning information
through videos

e-distribuzione is part of enel ecosystem, with thousands of operators
distributed between operational offices and “on the field” in the national and
international territory.

Everyday enel needs to inform the employees around the country about new
processes and tools that can facilitate the daily work, abandoning the
traditional use of static not very effective pdf documentation. 

The use of formative video pills with a non-conventional tone of voice and look
and feel aims to reach as many operators as possible with maximum results in
receiving content and learning.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

E-distribuzione, a non-conventional format to convey learning information
through videos

The client is looking for a way to communicate new work processes or important
features inside an operative platform. They need to explain technical and
specific contents and spread the knowledge.

Video pills that merge non-conventional tone of voice, fast rhythm, dynamic
text, simple graphic animation and funny video clips to catch the attention and
convey the message in a straightforward way.

High level of understanding and interest thanks to the possibility to learn
features on field, allows the creation of a unique format for different business
units both national and international.

MAIZE and e-distribuzione worked together to create a script based on screen
records provided by the client, describing specific and technical information
with a dynamic tone of voice. Once the client approved the script, the
storyboard phase started: visualizing the text with images, clip and
illustration strongly characterized by the use of colors and irony. The key
point in this phase was the complete freedom in choosing non-traditional images
and illustrations, the client trusted the ability to transmit technical content
with an alternative tone of voice. This permitted H-Farm to work fast and to
convey the original message without any kind of re-works that could alter the
engagement. The same agility was in the animation phase in which the client was
always aligned with draft versions, giving feedbacks and being part of the
working process step by step. 

The project was characterized by a speed of processing by a reduced and
autonomous team. These characteristics ensured that format like this are easily
scalable and translated into multiple languages (ITA-ENG-ESP), opening up new
opportunities with other business units by internal word of mouth, both national
and international.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
