ECONYL SHOP | A SHOPIFY HEADLESS E-COMMERCE BASED ON WORDPRESS

------------------------------------------------------------

Econyl shop | a Shopify headless e-commerce based on WordPress

An important international player in the production of recycled nylon fibers
asked us to develop an e-commerce platform with products from different brands
using its ecological yarns.

The first step was creating a platform where the items are not directly
purchasable and the consumer is led to finalize the purchase in the online
stores of the respective brands.

The second step involves the implementation of the checkout directly within the
customer's e-commerce platform. We have built an efficient e-commerce and
graphically renewed the website, enriching it with additional sections.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Econyl shop | a Shopify headless e-commerce based on WordPress

A multi-brand e-commerce able to track purchases conveyed to external sites with
Adform tracking. Next, the scalability of e-commerce to a direct sales model.

For the catalog we used Shopify, setting up the option that leads to purchases
in external sites. The front end of the shop was built with the WordPress CMS,
customizing a pre-existing template.

We have provided a stable e-commerce by defining an acquisition model between
the catalog on Shopify and a site based on WordPress.

An important international player in the field of recycled nylon fiber
production asked us to create an e-commerce platform.

The first step was to create a catalog with products from different partner
companies that use its ecological yarns. The client asked for e-commerce to be
able to direct buyers to the online shops of the respective brands to finalize
the purchase.

To meet this requirement, we have created a new e-commerce section within the
customer's site using the Shopify platform. The buyer is led to finalize the
purchase on the external online stores of the respective brands with a flow
traced via Adform technology.

Together with the new e-commerce section we have introduced a new graphic layout
on the site and created additional sections: not only product archives, category
archives, and single product templates, but also new editorial pages with extra
content, a new magazine company, a space for weekly spotlights, and a press
area.

Thanks to the new settings, product warehouse data can be uploaded by the
customer to a Shopify instance and synchronized daily with the site via Cron
Job. The synchronization scripts, fully customizable and scalable, were
developed by us.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
