EDUCADEBITO, THE CREDIT EDUCATION PLATFORM

PRELIOS

------------------------------------------------------------

Educadebito, the credit education platform

Prelios, a leading company in alternative asset management, credit servicing,
and specialized real estate services, asked for our help in designing a support
and training tool dedicated to users with a debt situation.

Through a co-creation phase, we have created an information portal, open to all,
with content dedicated to the credit issue.

Built to be easy to use, the website aims to make the user aware and to
accompany them through a guided path that helps identify the correct solutions
to resolve the debt situation.

PRELIOS

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Educadebito, the credit education platform

A training tool in the credit field with the aim of helping Prelios' clients in
finding the information they need to manage their debt position.

An online portal that guides the different target groups identified in finding
the correct solution to resolve their debt status, with specific sections for
each category.

An online guide consisting of 21 dedicated solutions divided into 4 categories
and a glossary of 45 items, useful for better understanding the actions
necessary to resolve certain debt situations.

Prelios, a leading company in alternative asset management, credit servicing,
and specialized real estate services, asked for our help in designing a support
and training tool for users with an existing debt situation. The main goal of
the client was to make all the problems that you may encounter when you are in a
similar situation more accessible and easy to understand.

By co-working with the customer, we created Educadebito, an information portal
that is open to everybody, easy to use, and designed to accompany the user
through a path that helps them identify the correct solutions to resolve the
debt situation. To make navigation more intuitive, the site has been divided
into sections with specific content, reflecting the different types of targets
identified (individuals, sole proprietors, small companies, and guarantors).

The portal has also been equipped with two key features: the first one is a path
with several questions that allows the user to profile their need, and
eventually get to a solution that best suits them; the second consists of a
glossary that helps understanding legal terminology that is often unclear.

With Educadebito, Prelios also aims to get in touch with new customers and
business partners, selling the latter advertising space on the website.

PRELIOS

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
