ELDERLY CARE, SCOUTING NEW SOLUTIONS FOR ELDERLY PATIENTS' PREVENTION

GENERALI WELION

------------------------------------------------------------

Elderly Care, scouting new solutions for elderly patients' prevention

Welion is a Generali company that provides welfare solutions and health services
for companies.

With the Elderly Care scouting program, Generali Welion wanted to identify and
engage with Startups developing innovative solutions, technologies, and business
models that fit with Generali Welion’s Innovation vision.

Generali Welion was looking for new technologies/solutions for prevention for
elderly (65+), both healthy and not, and for their caregivers. The objective of
the program was to integrate these innovative solutions into Welion's offering.

GENERALI WELION

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Elderly Care, scouting new solutions for elderly patients' prevention

Generali Welion follows an “Always-on” innovation flow and needed to integrate
innovative solutions for their clients.

Scouting research focused on Elderly Care startups that were ready-to-market.

More than 200 startups scouted. A detailed report composed of a shortlist of 25
startups willing to work with Generali Welion. Only six were presented on the
Connection day.

Welion is a Generali company that provides welfare solutions and health services
for companies. The objective of the program was to identify the best innovative
solutions ready for the market and to integrate these innovative solutions into
Welion's offering.

The program was divided into: Scouting brief – a half-day workshop mapping
research in terms of: needs, technologies, opportunities, target markets, and
expectations. Research – 5 weeks of scouting through our proprietary and open-
source platform and first evaluation of startups. Output Meeting – Half-day
presentation of the selected startups (25) and the main trends individuated.
Connection Meeting – 1 day of one-on-one meetings with the best 6 startups
selected during the output meeting.

Top 3 Startups involved in the one-on-one meeting: D-Heart, the first smartphone
ECG device that is simple to use, clinically reliable, portable, and affordable.
Fibricheck, a medically-certified screening and monitoring application available
by prescription for the detection of irregular heart rhythms, including atrial
fibrillation. Care Predict, replaces human observation with Machine Sensing and
Learning to let the elderly age independently, economically, and longer. The
other startups: Emfit, MySense, and Sensara.

GENERALI WELION

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
