EMOREHACKTION, A REMOTE HACK FOR HAEMOPHILIA

SOBI

------------------------------------------------------------

EMOrehacktion, a remote hack for haemophilia

Sobi is a multinational biopharmaceutical company dedicated to rare diseases,
developing innovative therapies and services to improve the lives of patients
and their families. Among its areas of interest is hemophilia, a disease in
which Sobi invests heavily in research and innovation.  

Sobi Italia asked us to organize a hackathon involving different stakeholders in
the design of an app for patients with hemophilia.

SOBI

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

EMOrehacktion, a remote hack for haemophilia

Design, with the involvement of key stakeholders, an app for hemophilia
patients.

A two-day remote hackathon where physicians, patients, and Maize experts work
together to design an app for hemophilia patients.

3 solutions designed and ready to implement thanks to the contribution of
patients, physicians, service designers, developers and graphic designers of
Maize.

The project started with a kickoff where our team analyzed with the Sobi Italia
referents what were the needs and the expected outputs of the company. The
client's needs were clear and the solutions developed by the team had to be
valuable and implementable. For this reason, we designed a hackathon in which
there were people with strong technical skills. 

We conducted desk research to present the most promising trends in the app field
to the participants at the beginning of the event, while also providing them
with an inspirational moment. 

Each group consisted of: 

A clinician specializing in hemophilia

A patient suffering from hemophilia

A service designer from Maize

A developer of Maize

A graphic designer of Maize

These heterogeneous groups worked together for two days following a workflow
designed by Maize: research and analysis, brainstorming, selection and
definition of the idea and development of the innovative solution. 

At the end of the event each group was able to present their idea, highlighting
its strengths.

SOBI

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
