ENGAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR A SWISS LUXURY BRAND

------------------------------------------------------------

Engagement program for a swiss luxury brand

A Swiss client in the luxury sector asked us to design a new engagement program
for its customers. The main objective of the program was to stimulate emotional
engagement by building trust and promoting a sense of belonging through long-
term relationships.The proposed solution is based on the implementation of 3
different tiers related to specific content, services and experiences. Each
customer can move from one tier to the other depending on their spending,
engagement rate or marketing initiatives.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Engagement program for a swiss luxury brand

A Luxury Swiss client asked us to design a new engagement program for its
customers, to achieve higher conversion as it repositioned itself with existing
customers and new identified targets.

The proposed solution is based on 3 different tiers with specific content,
services and experiences. Each customer can move through each tier depending on
their behavior and on marketing initiatives.

As an MVP, to define feasible and concrete initiatives, we listed a range of
services (which compared with content and experiences are easier to implement)
and focused on iconic products.

A Swiss client in the luxury sector asked us to design a new engagement program
for its customers. While the brand was going through radical change (appointment
of a new Creative Director), the main objective of the program was to create new
emotional engagement with the brand by building trust and fostering a sense of
belonging through long term relationships.

In order to understand the state of the art and design a tailored-made
engagement program, we conducted a qualitative research (4 in-store visits and 3
remote interviews with store managers) and a trend & phenomena research.

The combined efforts of the two streams allowed us to identify 5 scenarios. The
prioritisation and analysis activities led to the emergence of key points that
became the basis for the development of a new collective scenario.The proposed
solution is based on the implementation of 3 different tiers related to specific
content, services and experiences. Each customer can move from one tier to the
other depending on their spending, engagement rate or marketing initiatives.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
