EVALUATION OF ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES FOR AN IN-CAR VOICE ASSISTANT

------------------------------------------------------------

Evaluation of enabling technologies for an in-car voice assistant

Luxury sports car manufacturers have traditionally placed the focus on the
mechanical parts and design of the car. Wanting to set new market trends and
address their customers' expectations, manufacturers decide to equip their
vehicles with voice commands. As a result, they have to evaluate both the
different solutions available and the final result of the integrated solution.

The client asked us to perform an assessment of competitors' in-car voice
assistants to position its system against the competition.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Evaluation of enabling technologies for an in-car voice assistant

The client asked us for both a qualitative analysis of the solutions offered by
competitors in the domain of in-car voice assistants, and an evaluation of their
own system under development.

We implemented the KPIs on which to carry out a test plan of the best in-car
voice assistants. A survey was conducted on the technical specifications of the
identified solutions.

A project report with the results of the tests (carried out in Italian and in
English) performed in-house for the competitors' solutions and in-house for the
system implemented by the customer.

A luxury brand in the automotive industry needed consulting with respect to
competitor solutions in the domain of in-car conversational assistants. The aim
of the research was to identify a technological supplier that would lead to the
implementation of an internal solution.

The project involved us in the identification of existing solutions on the
market, in the development of KPIs to benchmark these solutions, and in the
positioning of the client's in-house system with respect to competitors.

We carried out a number of multilingual test procedures to identify the best in-
car conversational assistants on the market and the technological basis of such
systems. The client was also interested in knowing the differences in
technology, performance, and user experience of both embedded and in-cloud
solutions.

The final phase of the project focused on positioning the client's system
against the competitors identified at the beginning. We presented a project
report with an in-depth analysis of the different solutions studied.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
