EVERYDAY MAKERS, AN INTERNAL CAMPAIGN TO SPREAD A NEW GROUP'S VALUES AND
IDENTITY

DE' LONGHI GROUP

------------------------------------------------------------

Everyday Makers, an internal campaign to spread a new group's values and
identity

Executives of an Italian leader in small appliance manufacturing defined a new
set of values, mission, and vision. This important phase needed to be expressed
impactfully and tangibly.

We designed an internal communication campaign that gave visual identity and
meaning to this phase, with group awareness, internalization, and sharing.

The concept highlighted the everyday work of the client's population, with a mix
of offline and online activities and the direct involvement of employees.

DE' LONGHI GROUP

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Everyday Makers, an internal campaign to spread a new group's values and
identity

Give an effective visual identity and a narrative fil rouge to something
intangible like culture. Create a non-conventional, inclusive, and engaging path
for a long-lasting campaign.

A 6-month campaign composed of different streams (online and offline) and
varying levels of employee involvement. Visual Identity for an annual Global
Conference.

Sharing information in a new and readable way, creating a sense of belonging by
including employees in activities, engaging executives, and encouraging their
participation.

Our client was undertaking a path of change and decided to gather its management
to work on the foundations of a new corporate culture: mission, vision, and
values. They looked for help in sharing these messages with their community
(globally) to generate engagement, interaction, and a sense of belonging. It was
not an easy task, since the principles had already been defined by management.
The concept would also be used during their annual Global Conference as a theme
for its speeches.

We designed 1-day workshop with management to understand their points of view,
deepen their statements, and develop a tone of voice to spread their messages.
We created a concept to underline both the craftsmanship process of the company
and its perseverance and courage to shape the future. Together with the Global
HR team we designed a six-month editorial plan with online and offline formats
to stimulate interaction and discussions around main principles: videos,
contests, newsletters, collaborative boards, stickers, etc.

The concept became the official theme of speakers' presentations and talks and
of the Global Conference, to launch these new messages.

Feedback from the internal community was so positive that the campaign continued
to be the leading theme of our client's initiatives in training, leadership,
welfare, etc.

DE' LONGHI GROUP

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
