EXPERIMENTS AND IN-STORE ANALYSIS TO BOOST THE CONVERSION OF A DIGITAL PRODUCT.

------------------------------------------------------------

Experiments and in-store analysis to boost the conversion of a digital product.

Research and qualitative observation to analyse and test materials for the
promotion of a digital consumer support tool in DIY shops. The service, designed
to help consumers in-store, was found to have unsatisfactory access. The team
analysed the in-store devices, interviewed and observed consumers, benchmarked
the displays used by other brands and finally prototyped and tested new
materials. The main focus was on giving relevance to the QR code used to access
the service and on call-to-actions. The project included 32 hours of observation
in four different stores in Germany.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Experiments and in-store analysis to boost the conversion of a digital product.

Define concrete actions for the promotion of a digital product with
unsatisfactory access. The FMG client wants to identify a customer-centric
strategy to increase in-store conversion.

Communicating the value of the product more effectively, highlighting materials
and testing areas to improve visibility, finding touch points to make the
customer aware of the service.

Opportunities emerged: make the service a support tool for sales assistants,
collaborate with stores, invest in digital channels and experiment to acquire
more know-how.

Following a preliminary benchmarking and interview phase, key insights were
gathered that led to the prototyping of a series of in-store tests. The team
then carried out experiments to evaluate customer behaviour and the performance
of the prototype realised, verifying whether the assumptions that emerged from
the research phase.The following areas have been identified to improve
effectiveness in-store. Acting on messages to more effectively communicate the
digital product value proposition and make customers understand that it is a
service rather than an advertisement. Intervening on the design of the materials
to make them stand out more in the crowded shelves, by identifying eye-catching
visual elements more related to the service (e.g. the hand with the phone in the
3D model confused some consumers who thought it was an advertisement). Test new
positions of materials above the shelves to make them more prominent and improve
the visibility of the service for users. Since the customer is not only looking
for information on the product shelf, other touch points of the journey can be
tried out to make the customer aware of the service (e.g. involvement of sales
assistants, presentation of the service directly on the product packaging,
etc.).

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
