EXPERIMENT AN ORGANIZATIONAL MODEL MADE UP OF CIRCULAR, NON-HIERARCHICAL TEAMS

------------------------------------------------------------

Experiment an organizational model made up of circular, non-hierarchical teams

In its product development center, a client in the fashion world wanted to start
an organizational experiment involving about 100 people from various areas of
the organization. Overcoming units of belonging and hierarchical logic, people
divided themselves into cross-functional Circles led by an internal leader. Each
Circle gave itself domains of action, purpose, roles and responsibilities, a
backlog of activities to be carried out along two 3-month phases of
experimentation. We trained and accompanied the Circles through the methodology
inspired by Holacracy principles; we followed the Experimentation step by step
through internal communication actions.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Experiment an organizational model made up of circular, non-hierarchical teams

Test the effectiveness of self-organized teams in a highly specialized
manufacturing environment covering all product realization stages of pre-
industrialization.

An operating system of Circles capable of coexisting with traditional
organization and learning new ways of decision making and role definition
oriented by purpose and not hierarchy.

6-month Experimentation, 4 Circles started and tested, 50 people trained in
self-organized systems methods (5 sessions of 4 hours each for each Circle), 8
facilitators from within the organization.

In collaboration with Leapfrog, a company specializing in progressive
organizations issues, we launched an Experimentation that accompanied the work
teams from their establishment to the verification at the end of the two cycles.
After a set-up phase in which we contaminated the different methodological
approaches to devise a unified path, we trained the members of the Circles on
the methodologies needed to make change work: decision-making methods, logic of
role assignment and definition of Circle activities, tools for collaboration,
meetings and feedback exchange. After the training, we oversaw a coaching phase
of Circles that met weekly in dedicated alignment and facilitated meetings.
Leaders and internal facilitators were guided on a path of increasing autonomy
and awareness. 

The entire Experimentation was told through internal communication channels, so
that the experience was also kept track of within the traditional organization:
the communication campaign included a series of podcasts disseminated to the
rest of the company.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
