EXPLORE PROFESSIONAL KITCHENS TO DESIGN CONNECTED APPLIANCES

ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL

------------------------------------------------------------

Explore professional kitchens to design connected appliances

Electrolux Professional, a multinational appliance manufacturer, partnered with
us to conduct ethnographic research to collect insights and information for
generating, prototyping, and evaluating future ideas.

Electrolux's R&D team wanted to explore the possibilities that connectivity can
offer within the kitchen environment focusing on canteens and cooking centers.
The main areas of interest to investigate were energy saving and running cost
reduction, kitchen management and workflow, and human and machine interactions.

ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Explore professional kitchens to design connected appliances

The project was set up to teach a new design methodology and create a solid base
of areas of opportunity for further product development, especially based on
connectivity.

Ethnographic research that includes field preparation, the execution of fifteen
1:1 interviews, contextual observations, and the analysis and synthesis of
results.

To collect key insights and opportunities we created a keynote report and a map
that visually synthesized the results.

Based on the analysis of its main professional segments, we and Electrolux
decided to focus research on high-productivity kitchens inside canteens and
cooking centers in Northern Italy. The ethnographic research approach strongly
focused on in-context observation, allowing us to establish a closer and more
intimate relationship with various players to analyze their current workflow and
better understand their behaviors, daily struggles, and needs.

During the observation phase, we visited three different environments (one
canteen kitchen and two cooking centers), spending a day in each; for every
site, we collected pictures and videos of significant interactions and the most
used machines. Interviews during the visit lasted between 30 and 60 minutes. We
interviewed 15 people with different roles (from kitchen staff to site managers)
and questions followed a funnel structure based on topics like personal
responsibilities, monitoring, and kitchen management.

At the end of the three visits, we collected all of the insights and organized
them into four main categories: space and workflow, roles and responsibilities,
machines and equipment, and data and connectivity. We later generated areas of
opportunity to show where Electrolux Professional should concentrate its
efforts. They are currently evaluating opportunities to design specific
development projects.

ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
