EXPLORERS AND REBELS: A CAMPAIGN TO SPREAD ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIMENTATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Explorers and Rebels: a campaign to spread organisational experimentation

A leading luxury company needed to disseminate to various levels of the
organisation the characteristics, contents, milestones, as well as the lessons
and opportunities of an organisational experiment that a team of 100 people was
testing. We designed the identity of the communication campaign and designed an
editorial plan composed of different formats for the various purposes, with the
aim of informing and narrating the journey from the voice of its protagonists.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Explorers and Rebels: a campaign to spread organisational experimentation

Tell and disseminate the project to the whole company, update and keep all the
protagonists on board. Identify a communication rhythm and formats appropriate
for the type of content and audience.

A campaign lasting about a year, both online and offline, designed to adapt to
communication needs, stages of the journey, audience.

Sharing experiences and content in an unconventional way. Be thorough in
updating, involve people in communication, vary formats, as in a living
editorial plan.

The client was embarking on an important experiment linked to an organisational
model 'with circles' (Holacracy).The main objectives of the campaign were to
update the protagonists on what was happening in the other circles, to highlight
the stages of the journey and the shared experiences, and to disseminate this
experimentation to all company employees. We therefore developed an identity for
the project, which was recognisable and gave it prominence, and a 'living'
editorial plan, which also adapted to the changing needs typical of innovation
projects.We designed and produced: the identity of the programme, 8 episodes of
Radio Circles, an in-house podcast narrating the experimentation from the voice
of the protagonists. 8 notes, a Workplace format that hosted the most in-depth
content, to narrate the elements and characteristics of the project, some
physical assets to narrate the manifesto of Explorers & Rebels, as well as some
stickers and elements to populate the work spaces. Last but not least, video
guides of the trips the members of the experiment took to visit innovative
realities in Italy and Europe.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
