EXPLORING METAVERSE OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH RESEARCH AND IDEATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Exploring Metaverse Opportunities through Research and Ideation

MAIZE supported one of the largest Human Resources providers and staffing firms
in exploring the metaverse and its features to identify a strategic blueprint.
The process included conducting six stakeholder interviews, in-depth desk
research on the metaverse, facilitating an ideation workshop, and ultimately
defining a strategic roadmap.After evaluating four potential paths, the winning
idea emerged, centered on gamification for an unbiased pre-selection process
tailored specifically for Gen Z candidates.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Exploring Metaverse Opportunities through Research and Ideation

Support the client to embark on an innovative path to enter the "metaverse
world" to drive recruitment, candidate engagement, awareness and positioning.

Stakeholder interviews, metaverse and case study research, and an ideation
workshop that led to the definition of a solution focused on Gen Z and
gamification.

The client gained a well-defined strategy and a clear understanding of how to
leverage the metaverse features and opportunities for their brand.

MAIZE supported a major Human Resources provider and staffing firm in exploring
project opportunities in the metaverse.

The process consisted of three phases:

Stakeholders Interviews: We conducted 1:1 interviews with six key stakeholders
to gather and analyze the client's point of view. This initial phase provided
valuable insights into their approach, strategy, goals, needs, and
opportunities.

Metaverse Exploration: We conducted qualitative research to provide a
comprehensive understanding of the metaverse landscape. This involved
identifying a common framework and terminology and studying case studies, of
which we analyzed the mechanics and value generation model.

Ideation Workshop: Building on the research and case study analysis, we
supported the client in developing a clear vision of the most compelling
metaverse features for their brand. This was achieved through a co-design
session consisting of three phases: collection, generation, and validation.

After identifying four viable paths, the winning idea was determined, which
involved utilizing gamification for an unbiased pre-selection process.
Additionally, we conducted competitor scouting and further refined the concept
and user experience.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
