EXTERNAL EVENT WITH IMMERSIVE EXPERIENCE AND A SUPPORTING COMMUNICATION
STRATEGY.

IDORSIA

------------------------------------------------------------

External event with immersive experience and a supporting communication
strategy.

An immersive experience created to elevate Insomnia from an exclusively nightly
to an all-day condition, narrated through an original concept rooted in Dante's
journey from Hell to Paradise.

IDORSIA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

External event with immersive experience and a supporting communication
strategy.

Offer a unique and memorable experience through an engaging path of information,
sharing and inspiration, which alternates live moments with unconventional
experiences.

Six installations, aesthetically divided in two distinct kinds: three evoking
Dante's Inferno, while the remaining three recalling the environment of his
Paradise.

The team developed the narrative concept and subsequently designed the
installations, including the cocoon structures, internal physical and digital
assets, and external display panels.

For the launch of a new product, the client requested to organize two events
aimed at opening a dialogue with the public, involving prominent figures in
roundtable debates. The installations were presented during one of such events.
Attendees were mainly neurologists, sleep specialists and some company
employees. Emotion, Amazement, Empathy were the keywords that directed the
concept. Our goals was to stimulate empathy, accompanying professionals in
exploring the point of view of a person suffering from insomnia. Move them using
metaphors, strong narratives and artistic inspiration to surprise and excite,
conveying important messages. Shaping a personal space, creating a moment of
personal and spontaneous investigation, sanctioning a temporal and spatial
interruption with respect to the main event.Referring to Dante's Comedy, the
team created six individual installations, inspired by his poetry about Inferno,
Purgatorio and Paradiso. The work suggested metaphors, sensations, dreams, and
desires, allowing us to treat the physical and mental state of the insomniac
through an ideal path, smoothly moving between vigil and abandonment states of
being.

IDORSIA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
