FAST FACTORY, A PROJECT TO IMPROVE BORMIOLI PHARMA PRODUCT INNOVATION

BORMIOLI PHARMA

------------------------------------------------------------

Fast Factory, a project to improve Bormioli Pharma product innovation

Bormioli Pharma (BP), the leading Italian brand of glass and plastic primary
pharmaceutical packaging, launched a corporate program in early 2019 aimed
at fostering innovation with an agile approach. We supported them to design new
strategies and products.

We developed a three-phase journey to achieve the pharma company's goals. From
on-field research to prototyping, we supported Bormioli Pharma in understanding
customers' needs and behaviors — the principles behind a new product design.

BORMIOLI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Fast Factory, a project to improve Bormioli Pharma product innovation

Define a strategic innovation journey, starting from the understanding of users'
needs to help Bormioli Pharma design a clear path towards the achievement of the
product-driven company's goals.

One-year long program scheduled on three stages: identify and analyze users’
needs along with emerging pharma trends and phenomena, define the company's
priorities, and develop innovative products.

Definition of a trend & user-driven strategy that led Bormioli Pharma to the
drafting of three design briefs. Each of them, later developed by MAIZE, gave
rise to new product concepts.

The first phase of the journey included interviews with the main stakeholders of
the market – users, pharmacists, and nursing operators. The on-field research
has come along with trend & phenomena cross-industry research aimed at
identifying new opportunities within the market. Then, we developed a roadmap to
define the heart of the strategy to adopt during the journey.

In the second stage of the process, together with Bormioli Pharma, the design
briefs were established, based on the insights surfaced from research.

From that point on, we entered the third and most important stage of the journey
— Fast Factory. 

An iterative process that leveraged the main principles of fast-prototyping to
develop and deliver innovative products in a very short period — four to six
months based on product ranges. 

Including research, design, mock-ups, and prototyping activities, Fast Factory
involved ten people from Bormioli Pharma, including R&D and Marketing
personalities who joined several co-design moments sharing their know-how with
the MAIZE team. 

The outcome covered up to twelve concepts. Three of them, have been prototyped
and showcased at the CPHI Worldwide in Frankfurt, in 2019.

BORMIOLI PHARMA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
