FINANCE PURCHASE CHALLENGE, A PROGRAM TO INNOVATE PURCHASING PROCESSES

------------------------------------------------------------

Finance Purchase Challenge, a program to innovate purchasing processes

The unit of a global market leader in the Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG)
industry operating in the beauty, laundry, and adhesives business is interested
in promoting innovation and digital transformation.

We support them to find innovative solutions to be implemented in their team
processes and to optimize their daily tasks and collaborations. 

Specifically, we explored different solutions to boost their knowledge
management system, best practices sharing, market understanding, and supplier
sourcing.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Finance Purchase Challenge, a program to innovate purchasing processes

Support the Finance Purchasing team to scout and analyze innovative solutions to
improve their knowledge management, best practices sharing, market data
gathering, and supplier scouting.

A program to understand the complex purchasing process across countries,
highlight key steps in need of innovation, and eventually scout innovative
solutions to be adopted by the team.

Identification of key solutions to be adopted by the team, creation of an
internal document with open resources to collect market data. Demos with
selected startups.

We designed a 5-phase program to support the Finance Procurement team to
identify key points of attention, research solutions, and choose an
implementation strategy.

Internal Stakeholders Interviews: we interviewed members of the team across
countries to map and understand the process, the tools in use, and key perceived
problems. 

Process mapping and focus area identification (working session): map of the
process as perceived by the team members and identification of key areas of
improvements to focus research on. 

Research and scouting: benchmark of best practices and scouting of relevant
tools to be integrated in the process.

Selection and next steps (working session): we presented research outputs and
highlighted key solutions with the client. 

Follow up: on the key solutions, we organized demo sessions, and produced
internal documents to be shared among the team to use new resources and did
further research on key topics.

Eventually, the client implemented some of the technological solutions and
adopted open source resources to gather market data.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
