FORECAST AND ROAS OPTIMIZATION FOR FASHION E-COMMERCE

------------------------------------------------------------

Forecast and ROAS Optimization for fashion e-commerce

The client, owner of several brands in the fashion industry, came to us with the
need for a system to forecast e-commerce sales and optimize digital marketing
expenses in order to maximize the net contribution margin of conversions.

The solution, based on Machine Learning, is able to produce sales forecasts day
by day on a 4-week horizon and to provide suggestions for budget optimization on
Paid Media channels, navigable by the customer through an interactive dashboard.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Forecast and ROAS Optimization for fashion e-commerce

Development of a system for daily e-commerce sales forecasting and definition of
paid media spending strategy with the goal of maximising net margin.

We developed the two models in an Agile sprint, field-tested the forecast and
presented the results of the optimization system on a Tableau dashboard.

The system supports merchandisers and e-commerce staff with 4-week ahead sales
forecasts and the digital marketing area with a dashboard providing Paid Media
spending suggestions.

In the ecommerce world, sales or conversion history is just a piece of the
puzzle. Sales are influenced not only by factors classically considered in the
analysis of time series such as seasonality and trends, but also by business
context elements like promos, discounts, loyalty programs and newsletters, as
well as digital advertising channels. Therefore, developing forecasting and
spending optimization models was a process of continuous collaboration and
sharing with the business, who supported us in framing the context.

We turned partially unstructured data sources into quantitative indicators that
could be integrated into models. Functionality of Paid Media channels
(retargeting and prospecting platforms, brand campaigns, etc.) was taken into
account for designing the optimization system.

Different types of models were combined for forecasting, identifying the best
combination for short- and medium-term forecasts; an additional model uses stock
data to refine predictions.

The system adopts a model to predict overall conversions from spending on
individual channels, taking into account interactions with active promotions.
Spending strategies can be explored in what-if scenarios presented on a Tableau
dashboard, where the client receives suggestions about the optimal point of
spending in different channels for maximising overall margin.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
