FORWARD, THE PLATFORM SUPPORTING THE CORPORATE PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT PROCESS

------------------------------------------------------------

Forward, the platform supporting the corporate performance management process

The client, a leader in the small appliances sector, asked us to support the
company's performance management with a customised platform. The project
included the design of the UX and UI of the new tool, ensuring consistency with
the guidelines defined in the previous phase, which we designed. It also
required collaboration with an external supplier for the technological
implementation.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Forward, the platform supporting the corporate performance management process

Design a custom platform to support corporate performance management by working
with an external technology implementation provider.

Customised platform for corporate performance management, designed to meet the
needs of employees, managers and human resources.

Tailored and globally integrated corporate performance management platform.

After designing the new process, we developed the UX and UI of the new platform
to support the company's performance management process. The client had selected
the provider for the technological development of the solution, who chose to
develop the new platform using a defined framework, namely Material Design. A
page and microservices architectural approach was chosen, which consists of
breaking down the platform into its basic functions.The first phase includes the
first two sprints of functionality implementation and launch (setting & personal
profile, goals & growth plan), from the definition of flows to the declination
of the design system and components. The second phase includes the release of
the feedback functionality. The last phase concerns the final release of the
portal, which includes all the functionalities of the second level.The workflow
was divided into several iterative sprints. Each sprint involved the design and
development of a single functionality in the portal. The design phase was
developed using the Material Design visual language, including wireframes,
interactive prototypes to validate the UX of the functionality, and a UI phase
using the client's corporate guidelines. The project included a UAT testing
phase and pilot launch.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
