FREE TO X: AN APP FOR HIGHWAY MOBILITY SERVICES

AUTOSTRADE PER L'ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

Free To X: an app for highway mobility services

As part of a wide digital innovation program within ASPI, the newly-born company
Free To X was born, with the aim of developing advanced mobility services. The
initial request was to develop the company's new mobile app, offering services
and information to travelers, and managing toll reimbursement and payment
procedures.

We developed 2 native iOS and Android apps and the company website,
distinguishing ourselves for our consultative and flexible approach, as well as
our effective use of Agile (Scrum) mode.

AUTOSTRADE PER L'ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Transportation and Mobility • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Free To X: an app for highway mobility services

Create 2 native apps for travelers, providing information on the highway network
managed by ASPI and managing toll refunds; create a promotional landing page for
the service.

We assembled a great Agile team, proactively distinguishing ourselves by
continuously improving our methods. We created two articulate, widespread,
native iOS and Android apps and the corporate site.

The apps, still evolving to this date, are the main touchpoint for accessing
Free To X services and have a large installed base. We have established a long-
lasting, trusted relationship with ASPI.

ASPI, the Italian concessionaire managing approx. 50% of the national highway
network, has decided to undertake a major innovation program focusing on its
services to travelers and its internal operating procedures, while
simultaneously communicating it to the Italian public through both traditional
and digital media.

Effectively applying the Agile (Scrum) methodology and especially its Inspect &
Adapt principle, we have been involved in the creation of the core digital
services of the newly created Free To X brand - a New-co under the ASPI group
focusing on innovation and sustainability.

The customer's need was to develop a new mobile touchpoint, aimed at providing
travelers with new services and information, and managing toll reimbursement and
payment procedures.

To meet this need, we have created the Free To X native iOS and Android apps,
through which users can use the new electric charging stations on the ASPI
motorway network and join the Cashback program to be refunded in the event of
delays caused by construction sites or roadworks.

We also created a new website for the company, promoting the apps and other
services of the new brand, and created promotional videos to be distributed on
social channels.

AUTOSTRADE PER L'ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Transportation and Mobility • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
