“FUORI IN 60 MINUTI”, INTERNAL KNOWLEDGE MANAGEMENT MEETING

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

“Fuori in 60 minuti”, internal knowledge management meeting

In an increasingly competitive and evolving context, information becomes
obsolete quickly and the window of opportunity to leverage it has narrowed
considerably. This is why we deemed necessary to make relevant information
available to everyone in the organization through several initiatives, such as
“Fuori in 60 minuti”, an event held on a monthly basis where our teams have the
possibility to share key aspects and learnings related to projects they have
worked on.

The overall objective is to spread knowledge across the organization and promote
cross contamination of ideas, capabilities and insights, while avoiding working
in silos.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

“Fuori in 60 minuti”, internal knowledge management meeting

An internal initiative to improve the knowledge management system allowing teams
to share their experiences and insights related to projects that they have
worked on.

Development of a new format for sharing project information and insights across
the organization.

1 meeting per month and systematization of more than 130 projects in the form of
business cases inside a digital repository.

“Fuori in 60 minuti” is an internal meeting held on a monthly basis where teams
have the chance to share key aspects and learnings related to projects.

Each meeting lasts 1 hour and is split into 3 project slots which can be booked
in advance by any employee who wishes to present a project that he/she has
worked on.

The main objective is to spread knowledge across the organization and promote
the cross-contamination of ideas, capabilities and insights originating from the
exchange of information and points of view related to the different types of
services and products that we offer.

It also provides a moment of internal alignment regarding the projects we are
carrying out as well as the clients we are working with. 

Even before the pandemic, the format was conceived as an online streaming event
to allow the participation of each employee regardless of their location. On the
other hand, for those who attend the meeting in one of our offices, it is also
organized a small happy hour to foster an informal networking moment.  

 Finally, at the end of the meeting, each speaker is responsible for uploading a
business case of the project he/she talked about inside an internal repository
where the information can be retrieved whenever is needed by any employee.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
