FUTURE FACTORY, THE FACTORY OF IDEAS INSIDE CAMPARI GROUP ITALIA

CAMPARI GROUP

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Factory, the factory of ideas inside Campari Group Italia

Campari Italia, a leading beverage group, has decided to involve its employees
in the identification of innovative solutions in response to a number of
challenges relevant to the group.

We have designed and implemented an innovation program to create a culture of
innovation within the company and stimulate collective intelligence aimed at
defining solutions to be developed and grounded.

Future Factory was born to become a program that feeds itself, that can evolve
over the years and adapt to new challenges and contexts.

CAMPARI GROUP

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Factory, the factory of ideas inside Campari Group Italia

Engage the entire company population and have multidisciplinary teams from all
functions work on challenges relevant to the business.

Future Factory, a program structured in several phases: from the definition of
the challenges to the generation of ideas in a two-day event, up to the
acceleration of the most relevant ideas.

4 challenges launched, 180+ employees involved divided into 27 working groups, a
two-day full-remote event with 220+ people connected, 3 ideas accelerated and
presented at the annual convention.

Future Factory lasted a total of 8 months and we structured it in such a way as
to be able to model and repurpose it cyclically, from year to year.

In the first phase, we worked to define the challenges through a structured
brainstorming activity with the Campari Leadership Team, then followed by a
communication plan useful to present the challenges to the employees and collect
subscriptions to the idea generation event.

Once collected the adhesions and composed the groups by integrating people from
different company functions, we designed and delivered a totally remote event
and we managed it in four sessions: two of planning, one for the presentation of
the best ideas and one for the selection and the celebration of winning ideas.

Finally, we accelerated the three selected ideas through a program of meetings
aimed at defining a first Proof of Concept. Depending on the ideas, we have
identified and deployed the skills necessary for their development (Business
Designer, UX and UI Designer, Service Designer).

We concluded the program by identifying internal Group owners for each of the
PoCs and defining the pillars of the future program.The program has become a
driving part of the Group's research and development process.

CAMPARI GROUP

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
