FUTURE FINANCE MASTERCLASS

KERING

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Finance Masterclass

We have been engaged by the client to provide our expertise in defining,
designing, and delivering a comprehensive remote training program on FinTech
topics, specifically targeting the latest trends and technologies. The
initiative was strategically crafted to cater to a diverse audience,
encompassing both Corporate and Maisons. It provided an inclusive format for
individuals at all levels of seniority within finance departments. To ensure the
highest level of knowledge transfer, we curated a lineup of globally recognized
speakers who brought their expertise to the program. Over a span of
approximately three months, a series of six sessions were conducted, covering
six distinct topics.

KERING

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Future Finance Masterclass

Designing a training course on FinTech topics with the aim of inspiring and
educating the company's finance professionals.

Delivery of 6 remote talks, each of which touched on fintech topics in line with
the client's strategy. An esteemed international speaker was invited to each
talk.

The initiative was very successful, both in terms of participation, which
remained constant in all meetings, and in terms of evaluation, scoring 9 out of
10 in the final survey

The client wanted to create a training course on the FinTech topic, with a
twofold goal: (i) to inspire participants on new trends and emerging
technologies; (ii) to train participants on tools and practices to use in their
everyday work. To achieve these goals, we structured the project plan into three
phases:Landscape Analysis: We conducted extensive desk research to identify the
most prominent and relevant areas within the FinTech landscape that aligned with
Kering's strategies.Interviews and Surveys: In order to gauge the level of
knowledge and interests of the finance population, we launched a survey.
Additionally, we held 10 interviews with the heads of finance from both the
Corporate and Maisons to gain insights into the company's strategic
direction.Design and Delivery: we handpicked the six most pertinent FinTech
topics that aligned closely with the initiative's objectives: Introduction to
FinTech, Enterprise blockchain, Crypto, Wallet, NFT, stable coins, Data and
predictive analysis, E-commerce & Digital Payments, ESG & Finance. Leveraging
our extensive network, we successfully secured the participation of esteemed
international speakers such as Spiros Margaris, Sebastian Siemiatkowski, and
Roberto Mancone.

KERING

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
