FUTURE SCENARIOS FOR THE STORE OF THE FUTURE

------------------------------------------------------------

Future scenarios for the Store of the Future

For our client, a popular luxury fashion brand mostly known for its skiwear,
brick and mortar still plays an important role.

They need to be continuously inspired by a series of future scenarios to evolve
to reach new potential clients with tailored experiences based on customer
behaviors.

We supported the client in designing the Customer Experience in the store,
embracing innovation without losing the human touch. The process alternated
between phases of research and envisioning, collaborating with different
stakeholders for every step.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Future scenarios for the Store of the Future

Embody the company's essential brand values through a series of innovative
scenarios for future stores involving two users: customers and employees.

A series of future scenarios that could have an impact both on store experience,
employee culture, and brand awareness. Scenarios included mood-boards, videos,
and visual prototypes.

We fostered a more agile and collaborative approach to generate and test
solutions before development and the team inspired the client with insights and
possible angles for future development.

A team of researchers and designers ran different activities to understand which
values defined our client's ultimate experience: in-store interviews and
observation and a series of 1:1 interviews with store managers.

The team merged insights with cross-industry research based on trends to explore
stores as a point of interaction with the brand and not only a point of sale.

With a collaborative approach, we supported the client's team through mentoring
with the aim to create different scenarios where a series of innovative
touchpoints could represent the store of the future.

We ran the same workshop involving university students to gather insights from
people with different perspectives.

The following phase consisted of testing the viability of the scenarios
generated during the workshops with Store Managers and Area Managers from all
over the world, understanding the cultural nuances of adopting and shaping
different concepts.

Finally, we guided the client towards the development of new stores through a
mood-board video that identified design pillars to build the first pilot store
and envision possible touch-points to be developed (exploring digital table,
visual boom box, engagement at the entrance, art niches).

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
