GAME ON, A COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN TO PROMOTE THE NEW BRAND IDENTITY OF A DRUG

------------------------------------------------------------

Game on, a communication campaign to promote the new brand identity of a drug

Our client, a global pharmaceutical company, deals with the treatment of
diabetes and other serious chronic diseases such as obesity, blood diseases, and
rare endocrine diseases.

The client asked us to design a communication campaign in order to promote the
new identity of a drug for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes
mellitus. The central objective of the project was to provide scientific
representatives with support to let them communicate effectively and make
diabetologists more aware of the characteristics and benefits of the drug.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Game on, a communication campaign to promote the new brand identity of a drug

Inform diabetologists – directly or by scientific representatives – that the
drug is the perfect solution to treat patients effectively and safely.

An 8-month campaign to provide scientific representatives with support during
their work to promote the drug, through to various touchpoints, also accessible
to the doctor.

An editorial plan which develops through a mini interactive public website, an
informative website within the diabetologists area, a series of newsletters and
video pills, a set of postcards.

Game on is the communication campaign dedicated to the drug, which plays on a
narrative context created around the identity of the drug. Its aim is to
communicate a message in a clear and incisive way. Before designing this
campaign we also worked on creating the identity of the drug, during a previous
project called Farmatlante, where characteristics of magic and inspiration
emerged. And it is precisely by pushing these characteristics that this campaign
brings the audience back in time, to a dimension where everything is possible,
the videogame. Hence the name and the payoff of the campaign: Game on. La
partita col diabete è aperta.

After designing the concept, we defined the touchpoints and key moments to get
the message incisively:

a mini-game with a vintage flavor, open to all, to stimulate interest

an informative website within the private section dedicated to diabetologists
where you can find answers, insights, videos

newsletters to give rhythm to the campaign and highlight the most important
content

a pack of 4 cards to underline the key messages of the campaign

a survey about the impact of the campaign dedicated to scientific
representatives

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
