GENERATIVE AI FOR THE EDITORIAL STAFF

------------------------------------------------------------

Generative AI for the editorial staff

A company in the insurance field wants to streamline the time it takes to
research and edit content for their intranet. It wants to have a system that,
given input business and legal documents, automatically produces headlines and
abstracts while respecting content accuracy and corporate tone-of-voice. The
system, hosted on MAIZE infrastructure, is exposed via an interface. The client
team evaluated the system output, improving its performance, and has access to
the interface. This tool makes it possible to significantly speed up the
editorial team's work time.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Generative AI for the editorial staff

Automate some time-consuming editorial tasks (e.g., text summarization,
representative image search) through the use of generative artificial
intelligence.

The project created an interface that generates titles and abstracts of legal
and business circulars by exploiting GPT-4.

The client collaborated in the validation of the system output. This tool saves
the company considerable time in terms of content writing.

An insurance company has embarked on a path aimed at optimizing the intranet
dedicated to the sales network. The platform provides procedures, technical and
business documents.To date, drafting these materials requires very high effort
in terms of time and activity to analyze and synthesize existing content into
more agile, understandable and persuasive formats.Therefore, the need is to
automate some time-consuming editorial tasks (e.g., text summarization,
representative image search) through the use of generative Artificial
Intelligence (Large Language Models).The goal is to obtain a standalone tool
that can be integrated into existing editorial processes in order to speed up
people's work and allow them to devote more attention to higher value-added
activities.The project has created an interface that generates titles and
abstracts of legal and business documents. The interface is accessible by the
client. The client collaborated in validating the output of the system. This
tool saves the company considerable time in terms of content writing.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
