GLOBAL ADOPTION CAMPAIGN OF NEW CORPORATE BEHAVIORS

BARILLA

------------------------------------------------------------

Global Adoption Campaign of New Corporate Behaviors

A campaign to promote the adoption of new corporate behaviors among all
employees globally. The project spanned several months, focusing on one behavior
each month to ensure thorough and conscious adoption. The plan included training
activities, awareness campaigns, video stories, interactive mini-games, and
physical communication assets such as fanzines, posters, and placemats. Each
activity was designed to make the behaviors tangible and applicable in daily
work life.

BARILLA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Global Adoption Campaign of New Corporate Behaviors

Accompany the entire global population in thoroughly recognizing the meaning of
the new corporate behaviors, internalizing them, and understanding how to apply
them in their work lives.

An informative and engaging adoption campaign, developed on both physical and
digital supports, aimed at facilitating the learning and internalization of the
new behaviors.

The campaign strengthened corporate culture and aligned both desk-based and non-
desk-based employees with new corporate values.

The campaign was designed to deeply integrate the four new corporate behaviors
and was structured to take place over several months, dedicating one month to
each behavior to maximize impact and adoption effectiveness.

Project Phases:

1. Awareness:

Video Stories: Production of informal video interviews with leadership,
management, and ambassadors to share real-life experiences of success and
failure.

Newsletter: An introductory newsletter for each behavior to delve into the theme
and practical applications.

Communication Assets: Creation of fanzines, posters, and placemats to be
distributed in common areas and production sites to engage non-desk-based
employees and encourage dialogue about the behaviors.

2. Activation:

Mini-games: An editorial plan dedicated to each behavior, consisting of
activations such as brain teasers, attitude quizzes, and challenges to encourage
people to practice the behaviors in daily life.

BARILLA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
