GOOGLE ASSISTANT ACTION FOR LEAD ACQUISITION

FINDOMESTIC

------------------------------------------------------------

Google Assistant Action for lead acquisition

The Marketing and Product Development department of Findomestic, a leading
company in the financial sector, was looking for new lead acquisition and
automation of customer management processes. For example, requesting a quote can
be perceived as a complex and time-consuming activity.

For this reason, we proposed the application of a virtual assistant that could
be simply controlled by voice. A voice bot is an accessible, immediate, and
always available solution always ready to give the users what they need.

FINDOMESTIC

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Google Assistant Action for lead acquisition

A voice application that, by asking a few targeted questions to the customer, is
able to offer him the most suitable quote for his specific needs.

We developed a custom Action for Google Assistant, which is able to give the
user the best financial solutions by voice and conveniently also sends them to
the user’s email.

The voice bot has been on Google store since November 2020. It is also the first
case of a conversational quotation system in Italy.

Findomestic is one of the best-known Italian credit institutions, specialized in
consumer credit. It has always paid great attention to making its financial
proposals simple, timely and easy to request.

In order to automate users’ quote requests, the client asked us to develop a
voice interface that would make the procedure more efficient and simpler to
complete. Smart speakers are a promising new communication channel that makes it
possible to get in touch with a larger population of new customers and
prospects.

The developed voice application lets users receive quotes for specific personal
finance requests in a conversational, hands-free, and eyes-free mode, offering a
new and surprising experience.

The voicebot was implemented through the Dialogflow platform. Subsequently,
before the final submission of the Action, we carried out an internal testing
phase on a Google Assistant device.

The solution also provides the user with a recap email of the quote and gives
the company back a new lead contact

FINDOMESTIC

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
