GRAPHIC DESIGN OF THE EMERGENCY QUARTERLY MAGAZINE

EMERGENCY

------------------------------------------------------------

Graphic design of the Emergency quarterly magazine

Emergency, a humanitarian association, has been publishing a quarterly magazine
since 1995 to inform and update its supporters on the association's activities
and to explore issues related to human rights, solidarity and peace. The
association asked us to take care of the magazine's graphics, redesigning the
style in line with the new brand guidelines. In addition to the graphic design,
we created a document containing all the examples of layout types that can be
used in the magazine, as well as a user manual for each layout (graphic and
typographic styles), so that the Emergency team would be independent in the
invoicing of each issue of the magazine.

EMERGENCY

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Public Administration & No Profit • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Graphic design of the Emergency quarterly magazine

Identify a new and fresh style and graphics to be used for the Emergency
magazine.

Creation of a new graphic design with fixed elements of recognition for the
association.

The number zero of the magazine, a document containing all types of layouts that
can be used in the magazine and a user manual for each layout, including graphic
and typographic styles.

In order to achieve the objectives set, it was necessary to have a detailed
knowledge of the graphic style of Emergency's new identity, aware of the impact
that the association has on many scenarios at a global level. Once the
recognisable elements of the brand had been identified, we moved on to the
actual graphic design, which allowed us to create three different outputs

the first edition of the magazine (number 0), including the cover layout, the
different layouts such as the features and columns, the typographic styles and
the recurring graphic elements;

a full report of all the layout types to be used in the magazine to show the
potential of each format and how to use them;

a detailed file to be used as a guide for each proposed style: management of
elements (fixed and modular), spacing, details of working grids, together with
all text style specifications.

The work was very detailed and technical, as we wanted to create a contemporary
style that would be recognisable to readers. The new formats and styles proposed
update the graphic image of the magazine in line with Emergency's new brand
identity, while maintaining the distinctive elements of the association.

EMERGENCY

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Public Administration & No Profit • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
