GROWING EVERY DAY, CAMPARI'S NEW LEARNING EXPERIENCE

CAMPARI

------------------------------------------------------------

Growing Every Day, Campari's new learning experience

Campari Group is a multinational company operating in the food industry and a
leader in the production of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.

We were involved in its multi-year journey of defining and improving its
internal employee experience (the Camparista Experience), specifically for its
Learning & Development platform.

We created a training course and video for the launch of its new internal
learning platform (the "Learning Distillery") and for its general approach to
training, "Growing Every Day."

CAMPARI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Growing Every Day, Campari's new learning experience

Support the launch of the company’s learning platform with ad hoc training
content and engaging communication materials.

Create a training course to share the company's approach to learning and guide
users on the new platform; and produce a compelling launch video to include in
the course.

A video with Campari employees and a SCORM course divided into 3 macro sections,
both translated into 9 languages.

For the launch of its new internal training platform, Campari was looking for a
partner to create a launch video and a SCORM course that would help the user
discover the platform’s main features.

We worked in tandem on the 2 topics, with teams sharing their knowledge.

To make the video, we organized 2 days of live shooting in Milan with Campari
employees following a typical day of work and leisure, while focused on the
training content. The video highlighted an engaging and customizable learning
experience, and communicated concepts such as continuous learning, growth
mindset, and collaboration — all which are key company values. At the same time,
we curated the text and visuals for a SCORM course (then divided it into 3 macro
sections) to include in the new platform: the "Learning Distillery." The result
was an immersive journey to discovering how training could become a competitive
advantage and a key enabler for growth, both for the organization and
Camparistas (the employees) and a step-by-step guide to using the new digital
hub.

The video was a trailer for new experiences embedded within the course and both
pieces of content were translated into 9 languages.

CAMPARI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
