GRUPPO FLORENCE, A WEBSITE TO TELL CHALLENGES AND STORIES OF A NEW BIG GROUP

GRUPPO FLORENCE

------------------------------------------------------------

Gruppo Florence, a website to tell challenges and stories of a new big group

Gruppo Florence is an integrated platform of companies representing
manufacturing excellence in the Italian clothing, footwear and leather goods
segments, serving the highest luxury brands for the development and production
of ready-to-wear, leather goods and footwear collections.The need we responded
was to redesign the corporate website with the goal of giving the new group a
distinctive identity that would bring out: the mission of protecting the Italian
value of the manufacturing world; positioning it as a cutting-edge innovation
hub.

GRUPPO FLORENCE

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Gruppo Florence, a website to tell challenges and stories of a new big group

Redesign the Group's website through a distinctive identity that can position it
as a cutting-edge innovation hub and bring out the mission of protecting the
Italian Value in the manufacturing sector.

The new website combines the content strategy through the dynamic use of
typography with a mix of graphic assets that create movement without disturbing
the clean and elegant identity.

A new, clear and distinctive identity of a reality that is difficult to place in
a specific category. A single voice able to give a different space to each of
the projects and stories.

Our support included an all-round involvement: visual identity, content
strategy, web development and SEO. The concept designed is based on a few solid
elements: the use of typography to emphasise the key concepts and animate the
storytelling; a simple colour palette to characterise the different souls; the
modularity of the elements to create dynamism and alternate visual and textual
content.The challenge on the content work is twofold: to tell the positioning of
a unique reality, characterised by 4 vertical souls - Manufactura, Auxilium,
Academia, Enzyme - and the story of the companies emphasising their uniqueness
and diversity. The web solution  is a WordPress Multisite CMS that allows to
manage multiple websites using a single WordPress installation. It reduces
complexity and simplifies updates. Theme, users, content and plugins are shared,
maintaining consistency across all websites.The new communication strategy
created has the potential to have a positive impact by raising awareness of
environmental (e.g. Auxilium projects) and social (e.g. Academia initiatives)
sustainability issues.

GRUPPO FLORENCE

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
