GUESS MY POINT – A GAME WHERE PEOPLE CAN FREELY SHARE DIFFERENT POINTS OF VIEW.

ALLITUDE

------------------------------------------------------------

Guess My Point – A game where people can freely share different points of view.

Allitude is a company that provides software, IT and back office solutions to
banks and financial organizations. It was born in 2020 from the merging of seven
different realities, and thus needed to communicate its newborn company core
values to all employees.

We therefore created a customized version of Guess My Point, a conversation game
that, through dialogue and confrontation, enables a safe environment in which
participants are free to express their points of view and try to guess that of
others (in this case, about Allitude's new values).

ALLITUDE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Guess My Point – A game where people can freely share different points of view.

Effectively spread Allitude's new brand values to all the employees. Also,
Allitude wanted to get insights over how its workforce lives and channels those
values in their work life.

Four sessions of Guess My Point, a game where every employee has the opportunity
to express their point of view over Allitude's values and most importantly to
discuss it with coworkers.

236 players, 4 sessions and 4 detailed reports featuring aggregate data,
insights and visual representations of the discussions in order to see how
employees acknowledged and absorbed the new values.

Allitude is a company that was born out of the merging of seven smaller
realities. After the merger, the HR worked to define the new company values –
Trustworthiness, Innovation, Collaboration and Talent – and engaged us in order
to help them create an experience that could effectively communicate those
values and, at the same time, collect qualitative and quantitative information
over how employees understood and absorbed them.

Our solution was to deliver multiple sessions of Guess My Point, a game where
the goal is to try and guess the other players' point of view.

In this game, people are encouraged to ponder over a given topic – in this case,
one of the four values – and to find their place between two opposite ways of
feeling about that value. No side necessarily represents the right or wrong way
to act: it is just the way every individual behaves and feels about it. This
neutrality allows us to create a friendly, welcoming environment where every
player can be free to share their understanding of the topic and is encouraged
to understand and accept points of view that are different.

The 236 participants played four rounds, one for each of the brand values, and
were free to express how they feel about the values and the way the management
figured they would absorb them.

ALLITUDE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
