H-ACK4TALENT, A RECRUITING EVENT TO ATTRACT TALENT

SNAM

------------------------------------------------------------

H-ACK4Talent, a recruiting event to attract talent

Snam is one of the world's leading energy infrastructure companies, specializing
in the supply and distribution of natural gas.

Its core business is very specific, therefore the company population is mainly
made up of people with engineering backgrounds and highly technical
specializations.

The continuous evolution of the economic and social scenario, and the
generational change that brings new ambitions and expectations, has pushed the
company to reposition itself in a wider hiring market to recruit new talent with
varying backgrounds.

SNAM

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

H-ACK4Talent, a recruiting event to attract talent

We faced two challenges: to conceive an innovative, complete, and comprehensive
hiring and selection process. To communicate information about the company in an
attractive way for a broader target.

A communication campaign that would reach out to talent outside the traditional
panorama of companies in this sector. A H-ACK strictly dedicated to the
evaluation and selection of people.

A mini-website to spread the initiative and collect applications; the design and
delivery of a H-ACK dedicated to evaluate and select people; 40 selected
profiles and 4 people hired in the company.

Snam H-ACK 4 Talent aimed at recruiting young talent to be included in Snam's
Innovation & Technology BU. It was an opportunity to co-design, together with
the client, a new process and communication campaign to reach talent with
unconventional backgrounds. We started from the definition of the tone of voice
that the company had to use for this purpose. We defined job positions, and
wrote descriptions for each role, so that they were clear and appealing.

In designing the event, we wanted to maintain distinctive features for the
format (project work assigned by the company and team work) to give added value
to the evaluation, and created a "relay" flow in which the candidates also
measured themselves with an interview with H-FARM, with Snam, and a narrative
assessment.

The candidates had the opportunity to reason and express their style and
approach on topics and potential projects related to Snam's reality — a dynamic
way of evaluating a profile by seeing his/her skills in "action."

40 people challenged each other in a one-day H-ACK to test their creativity,
flexibility and speed, teamwork and pragmatism. This solution helped the company
gather all the elements to evaluate the participants on their skills, but also
on the capabilities and attitudes that were crucial for building an innovative
mindset within the company.

SNAM

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
