HEALTH & WELFARE ACCELERATOR, 4 STARTUPS TO IMPROVE WELION SERVICES

GENERALI WELION

------------------------------------------------------------

Health & Welfare Accelerator, 4 startups to improve Welion services

Welion is a Generali company that provides welfare solutions and health services
for companies.

The Generali Welion Health & Welfare accelerator program aimed to develop strong
business relationships among corporations and promising startups working on
health prevention, access to cure and treatment, to quickly generate revenue
streams and build a long-term strategic plan for sustained growth.

The selected startups worked together for 4 months, exploring collaboration
possibilities, and leveraging our vast network.

GENERALI WELION

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Health & Welfare Accelerator, 4 startups to improve Welion services

Generali Welion followed an “Always-on” innovation flow and needed to integrate
innovative solutions to propose for their clients.

A 4-month structured acceleration program at our campus, where the most
promising startups could grow their business and form mutually-beneficial
collaborations with Generali Welion.

Among more than 150 startups that applied, 4 were selected and successfully
graduated from the accelerator and received seed funding.

The Health & Welfare Accelerator, run in cooperation with Generali Welion, was
launched with the objective of selecting the startups interested in establishing
strategic partnerships (pilots, commercial agreements, and investments).

The scouting brief was on selecting the best worldwide companies working on
health prevention, access to cure, and treatments. Among a pool of more than 150
projects, four were selected as the most promising ventures, developing
solutions and business models supporting healthcare. During the four months of
acceleration on our campus, the selected startups received: working space, room
and board, €10K for the accelerator period, participation in Demo Day, and
access to our International Investment Network, mentorship and advisory,
business development, and marketing connection opportunities.

Selected Startups: Knok Healthcare connects doctors to patients in real-time for
personal appointments, avoiding long and stressful waiting queues. OneMilo Lab
tests anytime and anywhere with Milo’s suite of FDA cleared rapid result tests
on micro fluid samples of blood and urine. StayActive a small device that
detects bad posture and warns the user to modify it. Holey revolutionizes the
design of customized orthopedic braces and the relative production process with
3D printing technology. The program ended in October 2018 with a Demo Day
presentation.

GENERALI WELION

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
