HEALTHCARE HUB, A STRATEGY TO CONNECT PFIZER TO STARTUPS

PFIZER

------------------------------------------------------------

Healthcare Hub, a strategy to connect Pfizer to startups

Pfizer, the largest Pharma company in the world, started to work on an
Innovation roadmap to bring innovation culture inside the company, and create an
overview of new trends and emerging technologies, thanks to a collaboration with
healthcare startups.

We supported Pfizer in establishing a Healthcare Hub with people coming from
different areas of Pfizer with the aim of collaborating throughout the entire
path. Workshops, interviews, and startups were the milestones of the Innovation
Pathway.

PFIZER

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Healthcare Hub, a strategy to connect Pfizer to startups

Pfizer was interested in defining an innovation roadmap to identify the most
interesting topics to work on and a win-win cooperation path to test startup
solutions and technologies.

The program aimed at co-designing a strategy to deal with and test external
innovation. We provided an innovation path including interviews, co-design
workshops, scouting, and piloting.

A Healthcare Hub for Italy was established with more than 150 startups scouted,
six startups invited to an innovation event, and three startups to partner with
and develop a PoC.

Pfizer, the largest Pharma company in the world, started the Innovation Program
with the aim of bringing innovation culture to employees and to have an overview
of new trends and emerging technologies thanks to a collaboration with Startups.
The Healthcare Hub, composed of people from different areas of Pfizer, was
created with the aim of collaborating throughout the entire innovation path and
selecting the best Startups fitting within Pfizer's strategy. 5 macro
activities: Garage: 2-day long workshop where we analyzed and defined strategic
objectives of the innovation roadmap and established a Healthcare Hub.
Interviews: We interviewed 16 of Pfizer’s stakeholders and Healthcare Hub
members to define working methodologies and scouting areas. Scouting: we scouted
more than 150 startups based in Europe and Israel and structured an evaluation
process to present the best opportunities for the Healthcare Hub. Innovation
Event: An event where the Healthcare Hub presented Pfizer with the results of
scouting with the six startups who were invited. After the event, they set up
one-to-one interviews with the aim of delving deeper into each startup.
Discovery workshop: we structured a two-day workshop among the three selected
startups and the Pfizer team, to co-design potential collaborations. Thanks to
the workshop, the Pfizer team is testing, through a PoC, two solutions developed
by the startups.

PFIZER

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
