HENKEL ALCHEMY, AN IMMERSIVE EVENT FOCUSED ON LEADERSHIP

HENKEL

------------------------------------------------------------

Henkel Alchemy, an immersive event focused on leadership

Henkel Italia, a leader in Adhesive Technology, Beauty Care, and Laundry and
Home Care sectors, asked for our support to organize a unique path during its
2019 Manager Meeting.

The event focused on leadership and how to encourage passion, pride, cohesion,
and a positive attitude in the company's management.

172 Henkel Italia managers took part in the Henkel Alchemy event, getting
involved in different activities such as digital games, talks, and interactive
installations.

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Henkel Alchemy, an immersive event focused on leadership

Share the leadership values defined by Henkel as a collective creation process
to provide an opportunity for all participants not only to express themselves,
but also to be part of change.

An experiential event structured in 3 parts: a plenary session, a business game
to experiment with team work, and interactive installations to foster open
discussions.

From the feedback collected from the installations, an in-depth report was been
created to reflect the current managers' sentiment and to identify leadership
opportunities.

Henkel Alchemy was an experience that involved Henkel Italia managers to combine
the elements required to accelerate the evolution and expression of Henkel's
leadership.

This adventure encouraged participants to reflect on the added value that each
of them could bring within the organization, as leaders and managers. Team
spirit, entrepreneurship, trust, transparency, and the desire to act in a
cohesive way, enabled participants to discover the Henkel Alchemy experience,
defining the elements that make up the "Henkel of the future." 

With an inspirational talk by Henkel and an emotional video teaser, the plenary
worked as an icebreaking session to set the right mood. Both in alchemy and in
business, success depends on the elements we choose. An interactive digital game
allowed participants to discuss leadership issues, facing problems, scenarios,
resources, time, and questions. An interactive activity consisting of 10
installations that recall the metaphor of the philosopher's stone formula.
Participants are confronted with questions to define the identity of Henkel's
future. To enter the exhibition, participants were asked to avoid any form of
prejudice or resistance and to answer, watch, play, and build as freely as
possible.

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
