HERITAGE LAB WEBSITE, WHERE PAST MEETS PRESENT

ITALGAS

------------------------------------------------------------

Heritage Lab website, where past meets present

Italgas asked us to design and launch a new website to communicate Heritage Lab,
its gas museum in Turin and a laboratory where knowledge, experimentation and
innovation come together to tell and promote historical and cultural heritage.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Heritage Lab website, where past meets present

Italgas asked us to design the new Heritage Lab website, the gas museum-archive
in Turin, using the assets and guidelines of the brand's Design System.

We worked on the site content structure, then moved on to the actual design and
layout of the various pages and components, creating some ad hoc modules.

The site is now live as a showcase for the initiatives that Heritage Lab is
promoting in the conservation, digitisation and promotion of its archival,
bibliographic and photographic heritage.

Heritage Lab is where Italgas houses the treasures of its archives and shares
them with the entire community and territory, a laboratory of knowledge,
experimentation and digital innovation. The project to analyse and digitise
Italgas' archives was developed in collaboration with the Giorgio Cini
Foundation and ARCHiVe, with the aim of creating a new model of museum
laboratory. Heritage Lab digitally transforms the company's heritage using
innovative technologies and automated processes. Promoting the digital
transition, it puts data at the service of the public and maintains
relationships with institutions, universities and research centres. Italgas
asked us to conceive and design the Heritage Lab website, using the assets and
guidelines of the brand's Design System. Starting from a proposed structure, we
worked on simplifying it, offering a few clear paths and helping the user to
explore the content.In designing the pages and components of the site, we wanted
to create a living digital space that would convey the richness of the stories
contained in the Heritage Lab, developing a series of ad hoc modules, such as a
new feature for discovering the stories of the archive and a counter to keep
track of the number of digitised documents.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
