HI! A PLATFORM TO IMPROVE THE CANDIDATE EXPERIENCE

------------------------------------------------------------

HI! A platform to improve the candidate experience

The client, a leader in premium, luxury, and sports eyewear needed to improve
its hiring process and recruiting experience, optimizing timing, sharing
methods, and evaluation tools. 

We designed a digital platform to collect and manage candidates' interviews in
an asynchronous mode.

The platform allows candidates to record their video interview based on
predefined formats, with targeted questions that vary depending on the level of
experience they are seeking. Recruiters are then able to analyze the video
interviews and share the most interesting profiles directly with a Function
Manager.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

HI! A platform to improve the candidate experience

Provide recruiters with a tool to improve the application experience,
facilitating the creation of new open positions while involving managers and
business in the recruiting process.

A digital platform to collect and evaluate candidates' video submissions,
assigning a score and a comment asynchronously.

The chance to manage an increasing number of applications, simplifies the
evaluation of candidates, making the process more flexible without the need for
face-to-face interviews.

The platform makes the talent acquisition process more effective through a dual
mode: recruiters can record their video interviews according to predefined
formats with targeted questions; as a result, hiring "calls" can be created from
2 available interview formats, one longer and one shorter.

Each format is composed of a series of questions that will serve as a tracking
tool for candidate applications. Once the call has been sent, the candidate is
invited to record a video directly on the platform, answering the questions
proposed by the format. The timing of the answer can also be managed through the
platform.

Calls can be shared with Function Managers to involve them in the process and
let them express their preferences, evaluating the candidate through comments or
scores without having to interview people in person.

All the feedback, comments, and insights collected become part of the overall
assessment.

Moreover, the platform allows people to save the call history and has a
dedicated section to collect the CVs received.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
