HOW TO TURN AN ANNUAL CONFERENCE INTO AN ENGAGING EXPERIENCE

------------------------------------------------------------

How to turn an annual conference into an engaging experience

Our client, a leader in the insurance market, needed to organize an annual
conference with clear objectives: sharing ideas and best practices, providing
inspiration from internal and external speakers and fostering networking.

Our client's Operations' top management sought our help to provide a meaningful
experience during the conference, working on different levels: designing an
online project platform to share ideas and information, supporting the client's
management in the design and creation of presentations and proposing a business
game - an engaging experience designed specifically for the event.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

How to turn an annual conference into an engaging experience

Transform the two-day conference into a complete experience including management
updates, sharing of digital projects promoted worldwide and collective
participation with new and engaging tools.

An online space where projects could be selected and voted on, with a business
transformation game to help management create effective presentations.

Ideation and delivery of internal presentations in a TED talks style, sharing
innovative projects and exhibits through a business game and support in creating
inspirational presentations.

The top management of a well-known insurance group asked for our help in
organizing a memorable experience during their 2019 annual conference with the
aim of sharing ideas and best practices, inspiring with internal and external
speakers, and fostering networking. The project was developed on different
levels: an online project platform where best practices and transformative
initiatives could be shared directly by each country and where more than 180
projects could be discovered and explored. Participants could also vote on their
favorite ideas and areas of interest. An exhibition fair, in which internal
(transformative projects) and external presentations inspired participants, as
an opportunity to expand the projects and encourage their replication among
different countries and teams.

Through a collaborative approach, we provided the speakers with a methodology
that helped them to be autonomous in the realization of clear, persuasive and
inspiring presentations. This experience took place both face-to-face and
remotely, with co-design meetings, interviews to identify key content, an
engaging online course, exercises and practice sessions. A game, designed and
tailored for a target audience, revolving around a matrix. Teams had to make
strategic choices based on their opponents' decisions and unpredictable external
events, with the goal of being the team with the best overall economic
performance.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
