HR LAB, NEW PEOPLE STRATEGY FOR POSTE ITALIANE

POSTE ITALIANE

------------------------------------------------------------

HR LAB, New People Strategy for Poste Italiane

Poste Italiane needed to define a new strategy to tackle the real needs of the
organization while considering the heterogeneity of the corporate population,
distributed throughout the country and with very different roles. 

We supported Poste in identifying a new design process that could create synergy
within a broad group of HR from different levels and locations across Italy,
instead of just focusing on top management decision-making process.

The project mainly included a training phase on new working methods and
different approaches to prepare the HR group to design a future people strategy.

POSTE ITALIANE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

HR LAB, New People Strategy for Poste Italiane

Poste needed a new people strategy to improve its employee experience,
understand and tackle their needs, while attracting a new stream of talent.

A path to create a group of HR who were strongly motivated and trained on
innovative methodologies and new ways of working to design a new effective
people strategy.

An HR group that was more aware of its role, able to apply new methodologies and
with a different working mindset, owner of 4 strategic projects to implement,
involving employees and future talent.

HR LAB started with the Engagement phase to create a "task force" of HR talent
to design the Future People Strategy for employees and future talent. 

The following Laboratory phase focused on two different methodologies: Design
Thinking and Agile to apply design methodologies, generate and develop ideas
while making processes faster and smoother.  

During the Think Tank phase, the group was divided into 4 teams, each supported
by one of our mentors, following 4 main steps: AS IS – Pain point analysis and
definition of areas of opportunity. WANNA BE – Effective solutions and
strategies to solve pain points. DO IT – Definition of a concrete solution for
each target (2 ideas). SHOW IT – Tell two solutions effectively. The AS IS,
carried out through desk research and internal interviews, revealed some key
issues such as the reorganization of the performance evaluation and rewards; new
key figures for training, caring, and internal project initiatives; activation
of strategic projects and initiatives involving all employees; job rotation as a
tool for growth, contamination, and engagement; the need for a transparent
feedback culture. The 4 strategic plans were designed starting from these
issues.

POSTE ITALIANE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
