HYBRID ANALYTICS ON CUSTOMER FEEDBACK FOR A LUXURY CRUISE COMPANY

RCYC

------------------------------------------------------------

Hybrid Analytics on customer feedback for a luxury cruise company

With the LLM-based version of our proprietary platform, CELI.Analytics, we have
revolutionized the analysis of customer feedback for a luxury cruise company.
This advanced platform automates the extraction of key topics, opinions and
sentiments from customer surveys using artificial intelligence, eliminating the
need for manual analysis and accelerating the decision-making process for the
team. Additionally, the implementation of a Tableau dashboard now allows
exploration of historical trends and comparison of trips, providing a
comprehensive and detailed view of the customer experience.

RCYC

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Hybrid Analytics on customer feedback for a luxury cruise company

Speed up and streamline the process of analyzing surveys submitted by
passengers, and gain a perspective on the data to enhance awareness of
historical trends and cross-voyage information.

Starting from our proprietary platform CELI.Analytics, we have implemented an
LLM-based pipeline to enrich and analyze data more quickly and comprehensively.

The analysis was automated, speeding up operations and achieving impact on the
team's work, with categorized results and three useful charts to guide decision
making.

We transformed the approach to customer feedback analysis for a luxury cruise
line. 

At the end of each voyage, the client submits surveys to its customers to
monitor participant satisfaction and intercept opportunities for improvement.
Using our system, we are able to automatically extract the main topics,
opinions, emerging topics, and overall sentiment from each survey. In addition,
additional useful metadata can be obtained to better identify and rank the
topics most affected by the surveys.

The results, initially raw, are transformed into two outputs:

An excel file that organizes results by departmental competence and that is sent
to the team to facilitate the resolution of specific problems.

A group of Tableau dashboards that offer various perspectives, including
individual trips, historical trends, and trip comparisons. In this way, it is
possible to study what happens during trips and make a comparison on the basis
of metadata (e.g., periods, itineraries...), as well as to monitor guests'
perceptions of certain issues and the result and effectiveness of interventions
and investments put in place on problems that have arisen in the past.

RCYC

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
