I-REACT: IMPROVING RESILIENCE TO EMERGENCIES THROUGH ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES

COMMISSIONE EUROPEA (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

------------------------------------------------------------

I-REACT: Improving Resilience to Emergencies through Advanced Technologies

I-REACT is the result of a 3-year European Project that developed the first
European-wide platform to integrate emergency management data coming from
multiple sources, including that provided by citizens through social media and
crowdsourcing. This way, we are able to produce information faster and allow
citizens, civil protection services and policymakers to effectively prevent
and/or react against disasters.

I-REACT provides different tools in the fight against disasters including a
mobile application for both citizens and professionals, smart glasses and
wearables for first responders, and a decision support system for policymakers.

COMMISSIONE EUROPEA (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Internal • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

I-REACT: Improving Resilience to Emergencies through Advanced Technologies

Due to climate change, floods, wildfires and other extreme weather events are
becoming more frequent and intense. This scenario poses a challenge for current
risk management systems.

We contributed to the project by implementing a decision support system for
decision makers and provided proprietary NLP technologies for extracting data
from social networks.

The system targets public administration authorities, private companies, as well
as citizens in order to provide increased resilience to natural disasters though
better analysis and people engagement.

I-REACT aims to develop a solution through the integration and modelling of data
coming multiple sources. Information from European monitoring systems, earth
observations, historical information and weather forecasts are combined with
data gathered through new technological developments. These include a mobile app
and a social media analysis tool to account for real-time crowdsourced
information, drones to improve mapping, wearables to improve positioning, as
well as augmented reality glasses to facilitate reporting and information
visualisation by first responders. With this approach I-REACT is able to empower
stakeholders in the prevention and management of disasters. Citizens are
involved in reporting first-hand information, policymakers are supported in the
decision making process and first responders will be equipped with essential
tools for early warning and response.

I-REACT brings together a multidisciplinary team of international partners. From
researchers and technologists to industry leaders, UN officials, consultants or
communicators, the partners are working collaboratively on the different tasks
of the project, providing their experience and expertise to generate the best
solution against disasters.

Overall, I-REACT aims to be a European-wide contribution to build more secure
and resilient societies to disasters.

COMMISSIONE EUROPEA (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Internal • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
