ILLUMINA, A LEARNING PLATFORM TO CREATE A NEW DIGITAL CULTURE THROUGHOUT THE
ORGANIZATION

------------------------------------------------------------

ILLUMINA, a learning platform to create a new digital culture throughout the
organization

The client, a major player in the jewelry and luxury world, was going through an
organizational transformation. To renew its internal digital culture, we created
a new online, multilingual, multi-device learning platform.

The courses focus on digital mindset, innovative technologies, digital
marketing, customer experience and digital approaches to the luxury world.

Included in the project: an initial digital skills assessment, a quarterly
digital bulletin with recommended readings and a regular release of new courses.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

ILLUMINA, a learning platform to create a new digital culture throughout the
organization

Design a training course for a diverse and international population, packed with
engaging formats and focused on both technical and soft aspects of digital
innovation.

A learning platform with 12 different languages, with an assessment and 50
custom courses to unlock as you progress through the learning journey, quizzes,
badges and final certificates.

Global participation above 85%. The learning program achieved significant
results and a high engagement rate on dedicated contests, campaigns and shares.

For the past 3 years, the HR team, the CEO and the executive team have been
sponsoring and promoting this internal learning program, which focuses not only
on technical aspects, but also on creating a new digital mindset within the
company. The content of the courses was written and personalized for the luxury
fashion industry, integrating insights from competitors and showcasing internal
projects where relevant.

The platform included an assessment phase to establish an initial level of
knowledge which was necessary for personalizing the learning journey. Employees
were also offered a quarterly bulletin and additional recommendations for
further learning from the web. The main objective was to create curiosity,
engagement, and a desire to learn.

It included an appealing interface using various content formats, all designed
to create traction and excitement around learning. A dedicated communication
campaign sponsored and promoted by management and the CEO was crucial for the
program's success.

The content was designed to deliver knowledge ranging from basic technological
solutions to more sophisticated concepts of mindset and customer experience
design.

At the end of the journey, every learner received a certification of
achievement.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
