IM-PATTO, A TRAINING EXPERIENCE TO UNLEASH PEOPLE'S POTENTIAL

ALLITUDE S.P.A.

------------------------------------------------------------

IM-PATTO, a training experience to unleash people's potential

Allitude, a company specializing in IT and back-office outsourcing services for
the banking sector, wants to become the point of reference for sustainable and
responsible digital transformation within the banking sector landscape.

To do this it needs all the people within it to bring innovation and have a
concrete impact on the organisation.

Allitude therefore asks us for support in developing a training experience that
aims to unleash people's potential.

ALLITUDE S.P.A.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

IM-PATTO, a training experience to unleash people's potential

Design a training experience that aims to unleash people's potential, focusing
on the transversal skills needed today to have a concrete impact on the
organization.

A training course, co-designed together with the Allitude team, which alternates
moments of inspiration, exercises and coaching sessions.

A survey to get to know the participants, an online launch meeting, a two-day
training event in Trento and a toolkit with all the training materials of the
program.

IM-PÀTTO is the path designed starting from Allitude's training needs, to train
some of the soft skills that allow us to unleash our potential within
organizations. The impact that each of us can generate in the company is the
result of awareness, openness, experimentation and opportunity. And opportunity
is precisely that agreement that organizations and people make in undertaking
this ambitious, demanding and courageous experience.

The project phases:

- Understanding the context and assessment: to plan a training course it is
essential to know the participants as best as possible.

- Co-design: defining the timing, methods and contents of the path with the
Allitude core team allowed everything to be brought into line with the company
reality.

- Delivery: between online meetings, an in-person training event and a toolkit
delivered to participants, we played with different formats! Alternating moments
of inspiration, exercises and coaching sessions, we trained:

Creativity, even rational creativity

Time management, workloads and project activities

The culture of feedback and retrospective.

ALLITUDE S.P.A.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
