IM-PACT | TRAINING AND COACHING PROGRAM

------------------------------------------------------------

Im-pact | Training and coaching program

The banking company has recently undergone internal reorganization, focusing
efforts on the IT department and banking services to support client banks. The
goal is to create a team with strong vertical expertise and an innovative
approach based on company values. The company is constantly seeking motivated,
curious individuals who are ready to take on new challenges to improve the
company. 

Therefore, it becomes important to design educational and growth support
pathways for the younger population.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Im-pact | Training and coaching program

Design of a growth path for young new hires on three key themes: spreading
company values, spreading a mindset that leverages innovative methodologies, and
enhancing soft skills.

Creating a pathway for participants to reflect on new thinking, explore useful
tools/methodologies, and train soft skills for professional development.

Involvement of 40 employees in 4 training and coaching workshops lasting 4 hours
each. A unique course that provides participants with the right mix of knowledge
and skills.

The path, called IM-PACT, is based on the exploration of mindset and operational
tools to better deal with certain aspects of the job, but also on a guided self-
reflection activity related to soft skills useful to enhance one's professional
profile.

The set-up phase, which opens the course, serves to get to know the participants
better through a short survey.With the launch event, in addition to presenting
the initiative, we also want to create a moment of discussion and sharing,
through activities that support the creation of a sense of group.

The core of IM-PACT, on the other hand, consists of 4 workshops (LAB). 

Each LAB addresses two main themes and presents inspirational moments,
exercises, workshops, and coaching sessions. 

Finally, the journey ends with a celebration moment where initial fears and
expectations are assessed and feedback on the entire journey is collected.

At the beginning of the journey each participant is given a journal, a journal-
guide designed to house participants' reflections, and thoughts that span all
phases of IM-PACT. 

To ensure better understanding of the concepts and involvement of the
participants, the workshops were conducted in person at the client's location. 

Indeed, it is essential to create the right physical environment to facilitate
learning and discussion.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
