IMAGINE A NEW VISION FOR THE "BEYOND THE PILL" STRATEGY

------------------------------------------------------------

Imagine a new vision for the "beyond the pill" strategy

The Pharma sector is working on new strategies that are going “beyond the
pill”. Within the industry, apps, digital monitoring services, etc. are becoming
"the new pill" by offering patients new services through all the patient
journey. 

A Danish pharmaceutical company specialized in the treatment of disorders in the
central nervous system (ex. Alzheimer), needs to deepen its knowledge around the
"Beyond the Pill" strategy.

To reach the goal, we develop a program that covers different areas, from a
trend report to an idea generation moment.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Imagine a new vision for the "beyond the pill" strategy

Deepen the "Beyond the Pill" knowledge and generate ideas to integrate our
client's offer, business models, and internal processes.

A Future Vision Workshop with a strong analysis phase: market research,10
interviews and a 2 days brainstorming and backcasting activity.

A research document and live keynote, the analysis of the state of the art of
the company vision and 3 new concepts to develop on the Beyond the Pill.

The project was structured into 3 main phases. 

Alignment: a long discussion with the client to map their main needs and
identify some areas of investigation to deep dive during the next phases. We
have identified 3 main areas as drivers for the context understanding. 

Context Understanding: divided into Interviews and Trend Report. First, we
created an interview protocol submitted to +10 workshop participants; on the
other side, we developed a Trend Report where the first part was dedicated to a
general market view (competitors direct and indirect, stats from the industry,
etc.) while the second to trend, case studies, and insights we elaborated from
the market, mainly focus to a B2C approach.  

The output was a match between the interviews and the market analysis to
identify areas of opportunity to work on during the workshop. 

Workshop: 2-days workshop was developed mixing inspiration and brainstorming
moments with 3 final concepts as a result. During the inspiration phase, we
involved 2 experts to give a talk: Bartolomeus De Witte and Paul Tunnah. The
brainstorming phase was supported by templates and mentors and the last part was
driven by the backcasting methodology and a final innovation map.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
