IMPACTO COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN, A PLAN TO SUPPORT DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION

AXA

------------------------------------------------------------

impACTO communication campaign, a plan to support digital transformation

impACTO is AXA Italy’s nationwide program to increase digital tools and
initiatives among AXA’s network of 650+ insurance agencies.

Along with impACTO, we designed a communication campaign with 2 objectives.
Through a more "conventional" stream, we addressed agencies directly involved
with impACTO, conveying useful information and motivating them to stay on track
throughout the program. We created a bold video campaign, "Interno Agenzia,”
that represented, through ironic and semi-serious situations, the life of an
average AXA agency before and after digital transformation.

AXA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

impACTO communication campaign, a plan to support digital transformation

To keep the agencies who were participating in impACTO engaged and informed, but
also to increase impACTO applications, boosting program awareness.

2 communication streams: one, based on newsletters and Whatsapp messages, to
inform and engage program participants. The other, an ironic series of short
videos to attract new applications.

Helping agencies to belong to a common project and community, engaging them
throughout all of the phases, and encouraging spontaneous program applications.

The first stream of communications was structured around an editorial plan to
support agencies that were already involved in impACTO. The editorial plan
lasted 12 months (3-4 months for each wave of agencies involved) and was
articulated through different communications: from informative newsletters to
educational spots, and motivational quotes sent through Whatsapp broadcast
lists. 

The second stream "Interno Agenzia" consisted of a mini-series of three episodes
inspired by (almost) true stories. Bulky archives, forgotten papers,
unpredictable computers ... What happens if agencies don't face the future in an
innovative way?

Extreme, bizarre, and anachronistic situations were all set inside an average
insurance agency with the aim of stimulating the audience to identify and
reflect on their findings. 

The main inspiration for these episodes was “Kitchen Nightmares,” in which chef
Gordon Ramsay is invited by owners of failing restaurants to spend a week
attempting to revive them.

AXA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
