IMPACTO, A PROGRAM TO INCREASE SALES FORCES EFFECTIVENESS AND OPERATIONAL
EFFICIENCY

AXA

------------------------------------------------------------

impACTO, a program to increase sales forces effectiveness and operational
efficiency

AXA, one of the biggest insurance companies in the world, wanted to increase its
sales force effectiveness and operational efficiency through the use of digital
tools and initiatives. ImpACTO was our answer to that brief.

A program designed to increase the data collection and adoption of paperless
technologies and processes, with an additional focus on MyAXA app adoption,
e-mail DEM campaigns, and social media.

The program was rooted in co-design methodologies and meticulous attention paid
to agents’ needs in terms of additional training, process simplification, and
employee engagement.

AXA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

impACTO, a program to increase sales forces effectiveness and operational
efficiency

Increased adoption of digital tools and initiatives (including CRM and data
collection, paperless processes, direct e-mail campaigns,  MyAXA app) for AXA’s
network of 650+ insurance agencies in Italy.

A comprehensive program with tactical and strategic solutions focused on
improved training, process redesign, and engagement actions to increase sales
force effectiveness and operational efficiency.

Near-double rates of paperless customers and CRM usage, 10% higher data
collection rates compared to non-pilot agencies, and an overall stellar program
reception.

The project started with an in-depth analysis of a small group of relevant
agencies within the Italian network with interviews and simple exercises to test
the tool’s adoption in different scenarios.

Based on this research, we defined a series of issues that needed to be solved
and through workshops and meetings, we identified around 30 modular and scalable
solutions from redesigned training manuals to new data collection processes, to
new agency roles. We also increased productivity practices bringing in agencies
during the project to solve previously identified issues.

These solutions were brought to the agencies by a program that we designed,
supported, and analyzed through a two-day visit by a mix of our people and AXA
transformation specialists.

AXA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
