IMPACT & CAPABILITY,

A CHAIN OF THOUGHTS ON SLACK

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Impact & capability,

a chain of thoughts on Slack

Turning a competency model into an effective tool for personal and corporate
growth requires an open process of exchanging and visualizing capabilities in
daily life. This model not only aids in corporate selection and integration but
also offers guidance for aligning individual growth with organizational goals. A
business collaboration tool facilitates the active involvement of employees in
the process of defining, discussing, and disseminating capabilities.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Impact & capability,

a chain of thoughts on Slack

Turning a competency model into an effective tool to guide growth and life in
the company by involving people in its focus and dissemination.

A channel on an internal collaboration and communication tool to expand, re-
discuss and contribute to the corporate competency model.

Involving the corporate population in the company's strategic conversations,
recognizing their perspective and value.

While today's skills may be challenged by technological and cultural
transformations, capabilities emerge as innate and inherently human capacities
that are difficult to replicate through technology. They are "meta-skills," and
possessing them means being able to constantly learn, adapt technical skills to
the context, evolve and continuously improve. In a dedicated channel on an
internal communication tool each week, a capability belonging to the competency
model is presented with a card that identifies and connotes it along with some
discussion prompts. Through tags, a person (guest player) is asked to return
his/her own thoughts on some questions: "This capability is..." and "The time I
had/would have had this capability...".The person responds (in whatever format
they prefer - written, video or audio) and tags two other people in turn to
repeat the exercise.Few rules and lots of food for thought to build
conversations and gather interesting insights by interacting with stimuli
proposed by colleagues. Contributing to the definition of capabilities through
conversation and exchange thus consolidates a map and shared terms for talking
about the qualities important to business life and growth.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
