IMPROVING THE ROLE OF BREAST CANCER ACADEMY THROUGH AN INNOVATION PATH

------------------------------------------------------------

Improving the role of Breast Cancer Academy through an innovation path

In the context of the rapid evolution of knowledge related to breast cancer,
AccMed, the National Academy of Medicine, needed to improve the accessibility
and usability of its Breast Cancer Academy (BCA) platform, sponsored by
Novartis. 

We helped BCA to become a reference point for patients and clinicians who orbit
around the disease of breast cancer.

We delivered a research and innovation path to improve awareness of BCA and the
usability of their platform.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Education, Publishing • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Improving the role of Breast Cancer Academy through an innovation path

To create a research and innovation path that allowed BCA to become a reference
for patients and clinicians who revolved around the pathology.

An innovation path (research phase and 2-day workshop) where clinicians worked
in teams to identify innovative ideas to improve the accessibility and usability
of the Breast Cancer Academy platform.

A new Breast Cancer Academy platform with a new structure,  editorial plan,
format, and content.

Born in 2017, Breast Cancer Academy collects and shares up-to-date information
curated by oncology specialists.

It addresses both doctors, through scientific updates and critical analysis, and
patients, through clearly written and understandable information.

Our contribution focused on improving the working methodology and accessibility
of content. Thanks to the analysis of trends in platforms for sharing and
creating digital content, we determined the key role played by images, the
influence of social media on the fruition of content, the importance of being a
reference, and transparency.

Our team conducted several interviews with clinicians and platform managers to
understand the platform's needs and pain points.

After analyzing the current scenario of online editorial products and scientific
publications, we designed an immersive co-design workshop to support the academy
in identifying future strategies.

Clinicians were engaged in a 2-day workshop to find original and innovative
solutions to meet their needs. In 2020 a renewed platform was presented.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Education, Publishing • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
