IN-HOUSE LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

In-House Large Language Models

A privately owned large language model (LLM), rather than being a service
provided by a provider, can offer several advantages, such as full control over
data, management of hardware resources, and model customization. The goal of
this research was to assess the performance of models like LLaMA and Flan T5 on
specific use cases in Italian. Despite the experimentation not yielding the
expected results, it has allowed us to develop a robust perspective on the
current capabilities of these models, which we now share with our clients.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

In-House Large Language Models

A generalist model, meaning one that can perform multiple tasks using the
customer's data without relying on external services.

Three different tasks were selected, to try to see if with appropriate fine-
tuning it is possible to have an LLM in house, with GPT-like performance.

We did not achieve performance comparable to GPT, but we have gained more
experience and a strong perspective, which allowed us to obtain accreditation
for a client project.

A proprietary LLM, rather than being provided as a service by a provider, offers
many advantages: greater control over the data flow, control of hardware
resources, model customization, and long-term cost reduction. The most
noteworthy feature of these models is their generalization capability: we aim
for a model capable of understanding what to do with the lowest possible number
of examples (potentially zero).After thorough scouting, we rationalized existing
models based on their size, capacity, licensing, model scope, and strengths.
Additionally, after creating and refining various datasets taken from the
literature, we attempted to train models like LLaMA and Flan T5. These models
were then tested on various internal use cases:

Banking/customer care: identifying the most relevant topics in customer
comments.

Publishing: expediting the production of editorial content related to products.

The effectiveness of these models has not yet met a customer's expectations. But
from this experimentation, we have learned that i) specific terminology imposes
capacity constraints on the model's comprehension, ii) it is important to focus
on curated data, diverse prompts, and outputs with stylistic coherence, and iii)
techniques like reinforcement learning from human feedback can enable better
model customization.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
