INFORMATION EXTRACTION FOR A JURIMETRICS PRODUCT

------------------------------------------------------------

Information Extraction for a Jurimetrics product

GFL (Giuffrè Francis Lefebvre) is a company that publishes and provides
utilities, administrative software, and data solutions in the legal industry.
They aim to develop a Jurimetrics tool that will assist lawyers in preparing for
their lawsuits by offering statistical data from previous cases.We proposed a
POC that involves using Deep Learning models to extract information from past
court judgements. This information, in a later stage, will be normalised,
aggregated and presented in dashboard integrated within GFL's offering.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Information Extraction for a Jurimetrics product

A product that provides lawyers with Jurimetrics tools.

A POC of an information extraction tool from past court judgements focusing only
on one field of law (criminal law), based on an initial phase of annotation.

The POC was successful, leading to extending the scope of the project to other
fields of law, for example civil law. F1 score: Entities 75% - relation 70%

Giuffrè Francis Lefebvre (GFL) is a well-established firm specializing in the
provision of a myriad of utilities, administrative software, and advanced data
solutions specifically designed for professionals in the legal industry. This
company's nucleus is deeply rooted in publishing and has evolved to curate and
disseminate valuable resources that can significantly improve the efficiency and
efficacy of legal professionals. Their primary objective now is to create and
develop a sophisticated Jurimetrics tool. This high-tech device aims to empower
lawyers, providing crucial assistance in preparing for their impending lawsuits.
It proposes to do this by supplying the lawyers with comprehensive statistical
data collected and collated from a broad range of previous cases.In order to
facilitate this task of extracting automatically the essential information from
an extensive catalogue of past court judgments, we proposed a Proof of Concept
(POC) that leverages advanced Deep Learning models. These AI-driven models are
capable of extracting and discerning the most relevant and vital details from
vast amounts of data, using BERT based models to extract previously well defined
entities during an annotation phase, such as the main sentence/penalty and its
duration/length, and the relation between them.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
