INFOBOLLO, A USER CENTRED WEB-PLATFORM FOR AUTOMOTIVE TAX PAYMENT

REGIONE DEL VENETO

------------------------------------------------------------

Infobollo, a user centred web-platform for automotive tax payment

KPMG, a network of independent companies specialized in auditing and accounting
organization, in management consultancy and in tax, legal and administrative
services, asked us to work with Regione del Veneto to get a new UX and UI for
Infobollo, a web-platform for automotive tax payment reserved for citizens and
residents of Veneto.

A quicker, easier, and more fluent experience was required to drive users
through a multi-platform journey, along with a deep restyle of the previous and
obsolete interface of Infobollo.

REGIONE DEL VENETO

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Infobollo, a user centred web-platform for automotive tax payment

Re-design Infobollo to improve its usability and develop a visual identity, and
have both be consistent with the region's brand and other portals involved in
the user journey.

A new interface that constitutes the conducting thread of the user experience
through the different portals and an overall easier and more efficient web-
service for citizens.

Simplified structure, clearer presentation of content and services, and
consistent visual language tying the multi-platform experience together.

Through Infobollo, Regione del Veneto and its Direzione Finanza e Tributi allows
citizens of Veneto to check for their vehicle's tax status (and eventually pay
the tax). A new interface was required to deliver a more efficient service and
to lay the foundations to build a shared language and visual identity for
Regione del Veneto's digital ecosystem. One of the main pain-points was the
service potentially spanning through 5 platforms for a payment task: Regione del
Veneto institutional portal (entry point and passageway to Infobollo); Infobollo
(actual access to the service); MyPay (a system by Regione del Veneto
interconnected with pagoPA where users had to select which pa service they were
going to pay for); pagoPA (the digital platform through which PSPs act as
intermediaries between citizens and public authority to make payments); user’s
bank payment gateway.

No platform other than Infobollo was in the scope of the redesign, but working
with its IT department, we managed to have the step-through MyPay automatized
and hidden from the user. The resulting visual identity was a synthesis of
visual languages ​​from multiple subjects meeting constraints and guidelines for
PA design, referring to the official Regione del Veneto and to the directives by
DesignersItalia for PAs thus establishing as the thread of user's experience
through the different portals.

REGIONE DEL VENETO

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
