INNOVATION DISCOVERY RESEARCH PROGRAM UNCOVERS DESIGN TECH OPPORTUNITIES FOR
FASHION

ADIDAS

------------------------------------------------------------

Innovation Discovery research program uncovers design tech opportunities for
fashion

In the context of a long path of collaboration in the field of research and
analysis of new social, consumer, and technological phenomena, a global player
in the sportswear industry needed to monitor the digital dimension of the
fashion industry with a strong focus on design technologies. 

Starting with this purpose in mind, our research team designed Innovation
Discovery, a research path that moves through new trends and the scouting of
players (startups, people, companies, etc.) to establish potential partnerships
and to empower the Design Team to develop a meaningful customer experience.

ADIDAS

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Innovation Discovery research program uncovers design tech opportunities for
fashion

Analyze the digitalization of the fashion industry with two goals: the research
of trends and the scouting of players (i.e. startups, people, agencies) to
establish potential connections.

A continuous research program analyzing digital and tech phenomena in the
fashion and luxury industry, and scouting new players and solutions leveraging
the client's know-how through co-creation.

2 rounds of tailor-made reports collecting digital and tech phenomena and a
selection of the most interesting players, relevant to create, design, produce
and sell fashion goods and experiences.

With the aim of monitoring, analyzing, and mapping the most interesting players
at a global level in the area of of the fashion industry and new design
technologies, the H-FARM team designed a path of continuous research throughout
the year, moving in two macro-environments: analysis of new phenomena and trends
to inspire the Design Team in the development of meaningful customer
experiences; scouting of players (startups, people, companies, etc.) to
establish key connections.

The research path was structured in 2 rounds during a year of activity based on
the creation of "open" structured reports with the client, which monitor digital
and technological trends in the fashion and luxury sector, relevant to create,
design, produce, and distribute goods and experiences. To support an open and
co-creative way of working, a digital working platform,Trello, was adopted,
allowing a continuous exchange of inspirations and ideas between the research
team and the client throughout the collection phase, so that the research team
was able to move on to the analysis, case shortlisting, and trend building
phase, with strong alignment with the client's project manager. Selected cases
included a number of product design tools, artificial intelligence solutions,
big data applications, but also sharing success stories and memorable
experiences implemented by different brands.

ADIDAS

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
