INSIEME PER IL BRIDGE, AN INTERNAL CAMPAIGN TO HELP EMPLOYEES FACE CHALLENGING
SITUATIONS

SEA

------------------------------------------------------------

Insieme per il bridge, an internal campaign to help employees face challenging
situations

Insieme per il Bridge was an engagement and internal communication campaign for
S.E.A spa, the company that manages the Milano Linate and Milano Malpensa
airports. The Bridge Project involved the entire company in the renovation and
temporary closure of Linate airport. 

Each element of the campaign was designed to enhance the contribution and
efforts of employees, who were the protagonists of the project, and promoted
closeness among them.

The campaign spread throughout different touch points, both online and offline
to create an immersive experience.

SEA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Insieme per il bridge, an internal campaign to help employees face challenging
situations

A series of online and offline initiatives to reach the SEA population, the
majority of whom are involved in operational tasks with no corporate devices and
the need to work with limited distractions.

The campaign was based on offline internal communication initiatives on posters
and gadgets, a digital engagement experience, videos, and a dedicated section on
the company's intranet.

Throughout the campaign, we produced a daily podcast (including more than 90
podcasts during the project), seven offline posters, three videos, and a
continuously updated intranet series.

The project was full of stories, all created according to communication
channels.

Radio Bridge was a daily podcast, that was produced by a radio journalist and
sent to all employees every morning via WhatsApp. Each episode was designed to
relate to the airport world, with news about the work and a "radio answering
machine" created from employee messages. The value of the podcast experience was
in the use of protagonists' voices who contributed to the program and shared
their points of view.

The video campaign was a visual story created as part of the journey: It
included a teaser, which was designed with the aim of involving protagonists in
their upcoming adventure; the story was also designed to explain core parts of
the renovation project through the faces and voices of SEA; It also celebrated
the design process, retracing the most beautiful and intense moments from the
three months, through photos and content created by employees.

Finally, for the offline campaign, employees of Linate and Malpensa airports
"put their face on" and promoted the spread of a positive and collaborative
attitude. The posters were displayed in company common areas, and in some cases,
they spurred viral phenomena, such as a series of selfies.

SEA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
