INSURE 2: OPEN INNOVATION PROGRAM

AGEAS

------------------------------------------------------------

INsure 2: Open Innovation program

Ageas Portugal, part of one of the leading insurance groups in Europe, wants to
focus on innovation by collaborating with startups to help its business units
face new challenges and improve the business of the company. The innovation team
asked us to create an effective process for identifying and selecting promising
startups, and test these collaborations with a PoC. Within a year, thanks to our
support, we identified 5 startups with whom they successfully completed the PoC.
Some of these collaborations continued after the programme ended.

AGEAS

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

INsure 2: Open Innovation program

Second edition of INsure: the innovation programme designed to generate a
significant impact on Ageas Portugal's business and its customers, directly
involving corporate BUs and innovative startups.

Second edition of an annual multi-stage process involving multiple internal BUs
and selected start-ups: from defining the briefs, through the call for startups,
to the execution of PoCs.

Received 226 applications from startups from 42 countries and completed 5 PoCs
with the selected startups. The customer is continuing to work with some of
them.

The project started with a context and needs analysis from the different
business units, identifying over 100 challenges through 7 strategic workshops.
During these meetings, we prioritised the challenges considered most urgent and
identified 3 areas of interest (brief): Smart Use of Data, Health for All and
New Problems New Solutions. We then designed and launched an open Call for
Startups, supported by a parallel active scouting activity and online promotion,
which attracted 226 applications from 42 countries. During the subsequent
screening and onboarding phases, we selected 5 most suitable startups working in
the fields of Digital Health, ESG Reporting, Insurtech and Fintech. Together
with the innovation team, the BU PoC owners and the startups, we designed the
different PoCs, distinguishing between those focused on validating a technology
and those focused on a potential market opportunity. We defined the research
question and the risk assumption test to verify the functionality of the
technology, the potential adoption and the real market opportunity for the
proposed solutions. During the implementation of the PoCs, we carried out PM
activities and monitored that each startup followed a structured and tailored
path. At the end of the PoCs, the results were presented at an extended Group
Exco meeting. Some of the startups are continuing to work with Ageas.

AGEAS

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
