INTEGRATION OF LANGUAGE MODULES INTO AN EXISTING RESEARCH PLATFORM

------------------------------------------------------------

Integration of language modules into an existing research platform

An Italian organization is part of the global consortium that manages barcoding
and labeling standards to identify and market products. For a worldwide standard
to work, the client must establish shared practices and rules that every user
must follow: from a single pen to tons of products, every unit must be labeled
correctly.

Manufacturers and vendors need to easily find regulations and different
standards. To address this need, we integrated ad-hoc language modules into the
client's pre-existing keyword search engine to improve its usability.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Integration of language modules into an existing research platform

An improvement in both user usability and performance of a pre-existing keyword-
based search engine within a website.

Implementation and integration in the search engine of an internal plugin for
linguistic analysis using a customized version of Elasticsearch, a search server
based on Lucene.

The adopted solution has allowed to obtain benefits in a short time and with a
minimal architectural intervention. The engine previously based on keywords now
uses semantic components.

A company that delivers and manages barcodes on the Italian territory needs to
improve the search service on its website. The website is very rich in content
and has a complex structure. The search service in use must allow producers and
sellers to find content promptly, without having prior knowledge of the
editorial structure used for their organization.

Instead of replacing the existing search engine integrated with the CMS in use,
we have built and integrated an internal plugin for linguistic analysis, based
on a customized version of Elasticsearch, a Lucene-based search server with Full
Text capabilities and support for distributed architectures. The linguistic
analysis module includes the use of a morphology for the Italian language,
synonyms and linguistic expansions.

This approach has significantly improved the previous keyword-based search
engine, both in terms of usability and content searchability.

The solution adopted has allowed to obtain a great benefit in a short time, with
a minimal architectural intervention.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
