INTERNAL COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN SUPPORTING THE ADOPTION OF BRAND VALUES

AUTOGRILL

------------------------------------------------------------

Internal communication campaign supporting the adoption of brand values

Autogrill is an Italian-based multinational catering company. 

In 2014 Autogrill started over with brand values: Passion, Willingness,
Rapidity, Reliability, Simplicity. They reached out to us as they needed to
foster the adoption of such values amongst all the employees. 

We organised a photo-challenge during which all employees were invited to shoot
pictures at moments in their lives which represented the above mentioned values.
All images were later shared on a digital platform private to Autogrill group.

AUTOGRILL

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2014

------------------------------------------------------------

Internal communication campaign supporting the adoption of brand values

As Autogrill defined a new set of brand values, the company aimed at supporting
the adoption of such values amongst all employees through a participatory event.

Autogrill employees all over Europe competed for a month, taking photos of the
moments and situations that best represented the new set of values and voting
for their favourites.

A 4-week competition, 454 photos uploaded to our platform, over 1250 voters in 6
countries (Italy, Spain, France, Switzerland, Germany and Belgium)

The Autogrill Group needed an initiative that aimed to make concrete the new
corporate buzzwords that had become physical forms and had populated the stores,
Autogrill offices, and employees' homes.

Step by step we have built an active and participatory campaign. First of all,
we sent colored paper sheets and instructions to shape each of the values ​​and
build the origami that represented them all over Europe.

Through a photo contest we invited each employee to shoot with their smartphone
a moment that was representative of those values. We also asked them to share it
on a digital platform with all Autogrill colleagues.

The rule-set was very basic: each photo had to include an origami and had to
represent a value.

The response has been positive in terms of turnover. That was a chance for many
employees to build new relationships through sharing their different visions and
thoughts. In this way we have made the employees active protagonists in the
process of adopting the new identity that the Group has decided to give itself.

AUTOGRILL

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2014

------------------------------------------------------------
