INTEGRATED CONTENT ACCESS SYSTEM VIA CELI.SEARCH

EUTEKNE

------------------------------------------------------------

Integrated Content Access System via CELI.search

The company is in charge of writing and publishing textual contents (articles,
analyses and guides) dedicated to those working in the commercial sector.The
search system on the company's website, had a limited and inefficient search
engine. We have been asked to enhance the search engine to improve the
experience of users using the platform. The search engine makeover of the
company's flagship product, Integrated System, was completed with the
integration of CELI.Search as a new search engine offering an advanced and
customizable experience for accountants.

EUTEKNE

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Integrated Content Access System via CELI.search

To carry out a substantial makeover of the company's flagship product: an
integrated search engine dedicated to business to improve the user experience.

Replacement of the search engine already existing in their Integrated System and
implementation of CELI.Search.

The new search engine, made it possible to search by longer keywords, obtaining
more relevant results in shorter time and an overall improved experience.

The project involved replacing the company's existing search engine with
CELI.Search, an advanced system designed to improve the user experience by
enabling users to perform more precise and complex searches within the
Integrated System.It was possible to achieve this goal by working mainly on
three areas:

Technological: the technology and development part of CELI.Search was
implemented to ensure advanced query interpretation and a more advanced ranking
system.

Design: special attention was given to subject enhancement by working on the
taxonomy of content, as well as improving the presentation of results to
optimize the user experience.

Governance: a system for collecting queries and user interactions was introduced
to continuously monitor and optimize the performance of the search engine.

The quality monitoring system that was created performs periodic checks through
two main metrics: reports received from the help center and the complexity of
user queries. This approach has made it possible to assess the impact of the new
system and make any improvements.

EUTEKNE

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
