INTOUCH MAG REDESIGN, THE MAGAZINE FOR THE LORO PIANA COMMUNITY

------------------------------------------------------------

InTOUCH mag redesign, the magazine for the Loro Piana community

Loro Piana inTOUCH is a bi-annual house organ targeted to production plant
employees published by Loro Piana, the famous Italian fabrics and clothing
company specialising in high-end, luxury cashmere and wool products.

After the release of the first two issues, Loro Piana decided that it needed a
more cohesive structure with contemporary visual language and typography.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

InTOUCH mag redesign, the magazine for the Loro Piana community

Redesign Loro Piana magazine, giving it a more cohesive structure and a modern
visual identity, without losing its soul.

A content structure similar to the previous one organized mostly with double
pages; the same size but with a different grid; new navigation; custom
illustrations and photo editing.

A redesign project, based on the client’s needs, and the complete layout of the
summer 2020 issue.

Our role was mainly focused on the art direction and redesign of the entire
magazine by focusing on the founding principles imagined for past issues:
HEADING to strengthen the editorial identity the suffix “mag” is added to the
original name inTOUCH. STRUCTURE all content is developed on a double-page (or
more if needed) with a balanced amount of space for text and pictures. GRID is
based on the original size of 210 x 297 mm (A4) and divided horizontally into 6
columns and vertically through a base module of 14 pt; margins are based on the
same module, with the top one that is taller to host the navigation bar.
NAVIGATION in the upper margin, on the left and right corners, there is the name
and payoff of the current section; in the lower margin, there are page numbers,
the name of the magazine, and the number of the current issue. COVER layout
reflects the inside page’s grid system with a big picture in the middle, the
upper section with the heading and the main info related to the issue, and the
lower section with the title of the issue and sidebar info about the content.
COLORS the color scheme reflects Loro Piana’s brand identity, with Kummel
(brown/red) and Verde Valsesia (green) as main colors and Giallo Primula
(yellow) black and white as secondary colors ILLUSTRATION the use of
illustrations helps to give to the magazine a unique identity. The illustrator
was Marta Signori who has collaborated with publications such as La Repubblica,
Monocle, Il Sole 24 Ore, and more.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
