IPZS: SEARCH ENGINE FOR ITALIAN NORMATIVE ACTS

ISTITUTO POLIGRAFICO E ZECCA DELLO STATO

------------------------------------------------------------

IPZS: search engine for italian normative acts

The search for documentation on normative and legal issues is often difficult or
even impossible for non-expert personnel.

The Istituto Poligrafico della Zecca dello Stato (IPZS) needs a tool that
facilitates the use of such documentation by expert and non-expert personnel.
Given this need, we proposed a semantic search engine able to transform users'
sentences into complex queries. In this way the laws and acts, classified
through metadata and grouped in a simple and intuitive format, become accessible
even to unskilled users.

ISTITUTO POLIGRAFICO E ZECCA DELLO STATO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

IPZS: search engine for italian normative acts

A system that facilitates the use and searchability of legal documentation even
to non-expert personnel by interpreting the unskilled language.

We have developed a semantic search engine that transforms user input into
complex queries thereby facilitating the retrieval of otherwise inaccessible
information.

Since its release in the production area, the engine has undergone continuous
technical improvements. The searchability of regulatory acts has become simple,
intuitive and at the same time efficient.

The activity of IPZS is oriented towards a growing partnership with the PA and
is aimed at providing products and services to the citizen both in the creation
of high security and high technology documents, and in multimedia innovation, in
the design and implementation of portals, integrated systems and databases, in
the delivery of web applications.

Given the difficulty of searching for documentation on legal issues by non-
expert personnel, the IPZS asked us to develop a system capable of interpreting
the language of non-experts in the source domain. Starting from this need, we
developed a semantic search engine that allows the user to search in natural
language or through keywords all the information in the documentation. The
system is able to interpret the normative details and provide the user with the
results by act/law, together with a classification based on metadata. The search
engine also has a suggester feature based on language expansions that makes
searches easier for users.

User inputs are interpreted and automatically transformed into complex queries
in order to retrieve information that would otherwise only be available to
experienced practitioners.

ISTITUTO POLIGRAFICO E ZECCA DELLO STATO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
