ISP POC: AUTOMATIC DISPATCHING OF EMAILS WITH ATTACHMENTS

INTESA SANPAOLO

------------------------------------------------------------

ISP PoC: automatic dispatching of emails with attachments

Intesa Sanpaolo, one of the most significant banks in Italy, receives 420K
emails per year in two generic mailboxes. These mails and their attachments,
both textual and non-textual, must be automatically forwarded to the relevant
offices in order to be processed.

In order to accomplish this task, we have implemented through a PoC a
classification model based on Deep Learning algorithms: the solution allows to
automatically sort the mails after the conversion into text of the attachments,
making the management process faster and more effective.

INTESA SANPAOLO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

ISP PoC: automatic dispatching of emails with attachments

﻿A tool that allows the management and routing of approximately 35K emails per
month addressed to two different mailboxes. Routing must be based on the content
of the email body and attachments.

Development of a Deep Learning classification model for each of the mailboxes
with module to convert mail attachments from different data sources (TXT, PDF,
JPEG, etc.) into text.

Automatic email distribution to more than 30 different classes to make mail
control more efficient. Sharing of best practices through a final report with
suggestions for deployment of the solution.

The Operation division of ISP is evaluating the production of a solution for the
automatic sorting of emails (PEC) that arrive in two different mailboxes. Each
month, the boxes receive about 35K messages with attachments. To be handled
correctly, these messages must be forwarded to 30 different offices.

The sorting must be based on the content of the message or its attachments.
Therefore, an automatic sorting tool must be able to analyze the message in the
body of the email and the text contained in the attachment. Non-textual
attachments (pdf, jpg, etc.) must also be converted before processing.

Starting from this need, we have realized a Deep Learning classification tool
based on Google BERT that integrates a pre-processing module that exploits the
OCR Google Vision service for attachment analysis and email body cleaning. The
target solution also includes a module of manual validation of the results and
subsequent retraining of the model for the constant improvement of performance.

In this PoC phase the solution has been deployed in On-premise mode, with
infrastructure without a GPU, while the target solution is expected to be
released in hybrid mode (On-premise with a GPU + Cloud).

INTESA SANPAOLO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
