JAM SESSIONS, AN EVENT FOR KNOWLEDGE SHARING AND (DIS)ORGANIZED CREATIVITY

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Jam Sessions, an event for knowledge sharing and (dis)organized creativity

To foster new ideas, reflections, and projects through the sharing of personal
knowledge, know-how or experience gained on projects, in H-FARM Innovation we
created the "Jam Sessions". Every 2 weeks, the team meets for a moment of
interaction and ideas generation, reasoning together on themes interesting for
the organization and its continued growth.

Jam sessions focus on informal knowledge sharing, brainstorming on the know-how,
methodologies, processes acquired personally or on projects through
collaborative activities of idea generation.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Jam session • Internal • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Jam Sessions, an event for knowledge sharing and (dis)organized creativity

It responds to the need to deepen, share knowledge, ask the right questions,
brainstorm on themes of interest to the organization in a protected, informal,
free context.

A moment of informal and interactive knowledge sharing, to share and discuss the
know-how, the methodologies, the processes acquired personally or on projects.

A recurring appointment, every 2 weeks, functional for different purposes, from
building an organizational perspective on innovation issues to open
brainstorming on new opportunities.

Contamination, points of view, experimentation are some of the keywords that
describe the perimeter of action of the Jam Session - the internal events of
H-FARM Innovation designed to share knowledge among colleagues, reasoning about
different issues and possible developments, areas of opportunity, unexplored
fields of application. Each session lasts 45 minutes and is organized every 2
weeks with different speakers and themes. Team members can apply independently
to lead the Jam Session, defining content and objectives. The editorial team
then selects the "hottest" topics to be covered. Winking at the world of musical
improvisation, even the concept and the name of the event recall that of a band
ready to perform, improvising on known themes. Each event opens with a first
block in which the leader presents the theme with the aim of creating a context
in which all listeners, even without any knowledge, can understand the theme.
Once the presentation of the first block is over, the event leader asks a
question that stimulates the audience to interact, debate, and generate ideas
during the second block of the session. The event is conducted remotely to allow
everyone to participate and is recorded. At the end of each event, speakers are
responsible for doing follow-ups with attendees to keep them engaged and updated
on the evolution of the conversation started during the Jam Session.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Jam session • Internal • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
