KICK-OFF AND CO-DESIGN MEETING FOR TANTUM VERDE'S GLOBAL TEAM

ANGELINI

------------------------------------------------------------

Kick-off and co-design meeting for Tantum Verde's global team

Angelini is an Italian multinational company operating in the area of ​​health
and well-being, in the pharmaceutical and consumer products sectors.

Angelini wanted professional support to organize and manage its kick-off meeting
for Tantum Verde global team. The aim was to create relevant interactions among
the team, helping them to know each other and create a shared vision and
culture. 

We developed a hackathon with the final objective of finding new ideas and
defining potential activities.

ANGELINI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Kick-off and co-design meeting for Tantum Verde's global team

To organize an event to create relevant ideas and interactions between the
global team, helping them to know each other and build a shared vision and
culture.

A hackathon, enriched by engaging activities for participants, with the final
objective of finding new ideas and defining potential projects.

2 days of activities, 45 participants from all over the world divided into 5
teams, and 5 projects developed during the hackathon.

In 2019, Angelini set up a new function in charge of maintaining a brand
strategy,  which was relevant to and consistent with their corporate
operations. The new brand team unit was divided into 5 teams, each focused on a
different brand.

It is always important, especially when a new division is introduced, to create
relevant interactions among the team, helping them to know each other and create
a solid culture. For this reason, Angelini needed support in organizing and
managing their kick off meeting.

We developed a project to reach the following objectives: idea generation,
people interaction, new methodology class, mindset, and culture sharing. We
identified two different activities during the 2-day-event to reach these
objectives:

Map your path: a physical installation where every employee, guided through a
structured process, could highlight their cultural values and issues to be
tackled. Everything was done anonymously.

Hackathon: a co-design workshop with the final objective of finding new ideas
and defining potential activities.

After the hackathon, Angelini wanted to understand how to further develop the 5
ideas generated during the event.

ANGELINI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
