KICKSTART, AN ONBOARDING PLATFORM TO TRAIN NEW SELLERS

VODAFONE

------------------------------------------------------------

Kickstart, an onboarding platform to train new sellers

Vodafone, a leader in technology communications, needed an onboarding platform
specifically designed for its sales department. We supported Vodafone through
the design of Kickstart, an onboarding platform designed and developed to
transfer the new selling approach to new sellers. 

Through the platform, onboarders learned about the different profiles of
customers, their needs, how the market in which they operated evolved and how to
offer useful solutions. 

Onboarders could interact at any time with a mentor — virtual support for their
learning path — testing their progress with a chatbot quiz.

VODAFONE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Kickstart, an onboarding platform to train new sellers

Recreate an online learning path that could support new sales onboarders
regardless of their location or onboarding stage.

An omnichannel platform with a learning path, based on Vodafone learning
content. To test the learning process and keep the users active, the platform
offered a mix of educational content and quizzes.

Better user engagement and the chance to start the onboarding at any time and
anywhere, supporting onboarders in acquiring the essential knowledge to carry
out their work.

The platform was developed to help onboarders acquire all the information and
skills required to effectively start the sales path at Vodafone. The learning
activities, based on Vodafone content, were created specifically to support the
individual onboarding and learning path. Products were the core contents of the
platform, together with a brief history of Vodafone and a summary of the
company's strategies. For each product or service, there was a simple
description that allowed the user to see the product's highlights at a glance
and all the possible customizations, according to client needs. Each product was
associated with the corresponding customers' persona: the freelancer, the
shopkeeper/restauranteur, the representative, the craftsman, the hotel owner,
the real estate agent, the small entrepreneur, the big entrepreneur, etc. This
approach easily matched each product with its ideal, targeted customer. The
onboarder could also decide to start from personas to reach every single
product, according to its own learning approach. This feature supported the
learning path with concrete elements (client needs, knowledge, advice, tips,
etc.) and had the objective to increase the speed of the sales process once the
induction process was completed. The learning methodology lead to the
accomplishment of the final test: a simulated interview with a client to test
hard and soft skills acquired along the onboarding path.

VODAFONE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
