LEADERFUL ORGANISATIONS: MORE LEADERS SHARE POWER COLLABORATIVELY FOR FUTURE
CHALLENGES

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Leaderful organisations: more leaders share power collaboratively for future
challenges

Research is one of the cornerstones of our DNA to explore and anticipate
innovation trajectories, but also to enrich our knowledge and projects.Within
the framework of our R&D Crew, we decided to explore the topic of Leadership, to
outline a critical thought - our own point of view - and also to understand
which type of Leadership could be right for us.A compendium of 8 principles
that, in our opinion, enable a Leaderful organisation, where everyone is ready
to take power when the situation calls for it.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Leaderful organisations: more leaders share power collaboratively for future
challenges

Developing our own view of leadership and understanding how to bring this
concept into our organisation.

A divergent and convergent path of exploration into the boundless universe of
leadership.

A research excursus on Leadership and our point of view. The contents became
part of an inspirational speech and a framework of thought for designing
training programmes.

In a dimension as fluid and grandly fragmented as the one we live in, is it
still right to speak of Leader in the singular? Is it conceivable that it is a
single person who has all the answers and embodies all the right characteristics
to face changing challenges? And then, is it right to speak of a leadership
style tout court, through mainstream models to be universally applied to very
different organisations? The answer for us was obviously no, and this is where
our quest to find our formula started.We explored theories, scattered notes,
papers, articles and books. From philosophy chairs to military contexts,
leadership has been, is and will always be on everyone's lips.The model that
comes closest to our vision is that of a shared leadership in which leadership
behaviours are implemented by a collection of individuals and not by an
individual. Where leadership is no longer seen as a role but as a shared
function or activity. Leaders must learn to be resonant, listen and empathise
with their teams. The organisation must become leaderful, enabling an
environment where multiple leaders can simultaneously set the direction of a
community, operating and sharing in organic way power, collectively and
collaboratively.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Internal • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
