LEGALTOOL - A CHATBOT THAT GUIDES THE LAWYER THROUGH THE POST-SENTENCING
PROCEDURES

------------------------------------------------------------

LegalTool - A chatbot that guides the lawyer through the post-sentencing
procedures

Once a person is sentenced, he or she does not necessarily enter prison
immediately. In some cases the imprisonment order can be suspended, and
depending on the crimes committed, the penalty and other variables, some
alternative measures to imprisonment can be available. The combination of these
elements, however, is complex to calculate, even for those who work in the
field.

An Italian publishing house therefore asked us to implement an automatic tool to
support non-specialized professionals. The tool shall compute the suspensibility
of the order, as well as provide the applicable alternative measures to the
incarceration.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

LegalTool - A chatbot that guides the lawyer through the post-sentencing
procedures

A conversational assistant integrated with the client's systems that can guide
the generalist attorney to the suspension of the incarceration order and the
provision of alternative measures.

A QuestionBot with agent-driven interaction. Based on the information about the
assisted person, the tool is able to deliver an appropriate response to the
specific case.

The conversational assistant was delivered on the client's website and is
integrated with both the frontend and an internal database for specific crime
recovery and recognition.

In cases where a custodial sentence is to be enforced, the public prosecutor
issues an enforcement order ordering the imprisonment of the person to whom the
order is addressed. However, it may happen that the order is suspendable: the
legal position of the person assisted, the title of the crime and the sentence
to be served are just a few of the elements to be considered for the
applicability of the suspension of the execution order.

Given this premise, a publishing house asked us to implement a tool that could
guide the generalist lawyer to the application of such a provision for the
assisted person, possibly providing alternative measures to detention. We have
developed a QuestionBot, a conversational assistant that guides the user in the
flow of conversation by collecting the necessary information and it is able to
compute the outcome of a specific legal case.

The bot is delivered on the client's website and is integrated via REST API with
a database of offenses, while the frontend provides the user with an up-to-date
view of laws, legal provisions and useful information for the defence strategy.
The tool allows the user to edit the entered information, save the interactions
on a specific case history and eventually resume them at a later time.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
