LONDON STORE, A VR SOLUTION TO DESIGN RETAIL SPACES

------------------------------------------------------------

London Store, a VR solution to design retail spaces

The London Store is a project that originated from our collaboration with the
Retail Innovation team of a leading global sportswear company.

London Store is a virtual environment bringing together designers, architects,
engineers, merchandise managers & more, to be part of the flagship store design
process. From product placement to consumer journeys, multiple colleagues can
interact live within the same environment, going over changes and designing
ideas for the store.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

London Store, a VR solution to design retail spaces

A multi-location, multi-disciplinary team needs a visual working tool capable of
coping with such a complex process as store design, review, and approval.

A multiplayer VR platform where different professionals (architects, store
designers, brand managers, merchandisers, etc,) can visualize the space and take
decisions.

A new virtual tool and workflow tested on a large-scale project in parallel to
the previous working mode. The tool was used for store validation by the CEO and
board executives of the brand.

The VR Store is a virtual environment that multiple users can join, even from
remote locations, to collaborate on the design and layout of a large-scale
retail store.

The client has many employees that work from different countries and locations.
From their current planning system, which involves a workflow of different
disconnected tools and long slide-based review sessions, we have come up with a
more efficient way of working which sharable, customizable, and integrated with
in-use software such as Sketchup and VectorWorks.

The development of the new client's London Flagship store was the perfect
occasion to create and test an innovative solution such as a VR working tool.
The system offers creator modes for different layers: Architecture, Fixture and
Interior Design, Consumer Journey, In-store communication, and product
placement. Users are able to move, rotate, scale, modify, remove and add
objects, components, and even contents. Different elements also obey constraints
based on category and context.

A visual and collaborative approach to the multi-disciplinary and complex
process of store design has been created with the additional aim to reduce the
costs of decision-making. It largely simplifies the approval process, allowing
for more accurate decisions based on the three-dimensional experience of the
senses.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
