LOOKING FOR A NEW CIO: THE TRANSITION FROM A FAMILY TO A MANAGERIAL COMPANY

------------------------------------------------------------

Looking for a new CIO: the transition from a family to a managerial company

A leading company in the production of paint and coatings for the building
industry asked us to help them find the right candidate to support the
transition from a family to a managerial company, opening up to an increasingly
international competitive context.

With the client, we defined the characteristics of the role, and fixed the
expectations and capabilities that candidates had to satisfy.

We presented candidates who were different from their typical target, due to
their uniqueness, resourcefulness, enthusiasm and personal interests.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Looking for a new CIO: the transition from a family to a managerial company

The client was looking for a company CIO. Main capabilities required: experience
in an IT department from retail or B2C businesses, leadership, creativity, and
personal initiative.

With the client, we co-designed a job description and started a cherry-picking
search where we interviewed +40 people within the target, to find the most
appropriate candidates.

46 preliminary interviews, 15 client interviews, and 1 CIO hired.

The transition from a family to a managerial company is one of the biggest
challenges for a medium-sized company that wants to open up to an increasingly
international and competitive context. One of the actions to be taken is to
establish a first line of close-knit managers ready to carry the company into a
new scenario.

Among these, one of the key roles is the Chief Information Officer: a role
capable of reorganizing the company's infrastructure, proposing and starting new
projects, and above all, spreading a new IT concept. More than a tactical tool
to support the business, it is a strategic component of the business itself,
necessary to support innovation. The first phase of the project was focused on
the job description. We identified the main drivers of the role and its ideal
soft skills. The company's values and mission were fundamental to frame the
position. The second step was the presentation of 3/4 different profiles to
understand the search direction and support the preliminary candidate interviews
phase. Every week we sent an update to the client with the most interesting
profiles to evaluate — if they passed the screening we organized the first
meeting at the client's office. We redefined the brief several times with the
client, finding a trade-off between hard skills, main capabilities (curiosity,
entrepreneurship, humility, leadership) and salary.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
