LOOP, OUR BUSINESS GAME THAT FOSTERS A COOPERATIVE MINDSET WITHIN CROSS-
FUNCTIONAL TEAMS

------------------------------------------------------------

Loop, our business game that fosters a cooperative mindset within cross-
functional teams

Loop is one of our business gaming formats, which can be used as a white label
solution or customized according to the industry in which the client is
competing.

This game was designed to provide participants with an experience characterized
by collaborative dynamics that encourage them to leverage the talent and
knowledge of each team member, work synergistically with colleagues, coordinate
their moves in a strategic way, allocate their shared budget and react quickly
to unpredictable events.

The objective of the game is to bring a product or service to market in the most
effective way.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Loop, our business game that fosters a cooperative mindset within cross-
functional teams

Facilitate the roll-out of an organizational model that embraces a closer
collaboration among employees belonging to different business units.

Design of a collaborative game in which team members belonging to different
business units must cooperate effectively in order to accomplish a common goal.

Execution of a pilot project involving the leadership team of a MNE client and
organization of an international tournament to enlarge the participation to
middle management and operational teams.

Loop is one of our proprietary business game formats that has been exclusively
conceived, designed and made by us. It can be played in a "generic" version that
is suitable for any company or customized according to the characteristics of
the industry in which the client is competing (addressing changes in the content
as well as the in look and feel of the game). A 100% digital format allows all
players to participate regardless of their location through the access to a
virtual gaming platform in combination with traditional video conferencing
software (Zoom, Skype, Teams, …) or typical gaming tools (Discord). An analog
version is also available.

As concerns the structure, each game is played by a team composed of 3-6
players. Several games can be played at the same time without a specific limit
on the number. Each team is assisted by one of our moderators that is always
available to explain the rules as well as provide clarifications and
suggestions. Players are challenged to decide a strategy together, coordinating
their moves to generate the necessary resources and be able to distribute the
right product or service to the right target through the most suitable channels.
The decision-making process encompasses the entire product/service life cycle:
from market research to sales execution. At the end of the game, the team that
has achieved the best economic result in a collaborative manner wins.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
