MAGNETIC ZERO, AN ALTERNATE REALITY GAME TO ENHANCE EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

ENEL

------------------------------------------------------------

Magnetic Zero, an alternate reality game to enhance employee engagement

Magnetic Zero was a communication campaign and alternate reality game (ARG)
geared toward Enel's global population. 

The engaging experience was guided by a semi-real story that drove thousands of
employees to take part in a mission to save Nora, a girl from the future. It all
started when Nora contacted Stefano, an Enel employee, to help her fight against
the enemies who wanted to annihilate the planet's energy.

Magnetic Zero was a journey that encouraged people from different countries to
collaborate and solve weekly challenges and missions.

ENEL

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Magnetic Zero, an alternate reality game to enhance employee engagement

Enel was looking for a way to let people know about its new global Intranet and
spread the knowledge of this new tool in an unconventional way.

To do that a standard campaign was not enough, so Enel adopted a “learning by
doing” approach – combined with a non-conventional gaming campaign.

Hundreds of teams across the world were challenged and engaged for seven weeks
in a strange tale told through a new global Intranet.

The project was complex with a lot of behind-the-scenes work. It started with an
internal communications campaign called #EnelEyes, which encouraged employees to
share pictures from their workplace on Yammer. The ambassador was a fictional
character who was deeply tied to the game’s story. One fake IT employee,
Stefano, guided participants throughout the entire story. He contacted all Enel
employees with a peculiar email sending hundreds of strange packages to a group
of its digital ambassadors all over the world, with clues and a message
explaining what was happening: that a strange girl from the future had contacted
him, asking for help. Nora was a girl living in 2049, who was somehow trapped in
the Enel Atacama power plant. The only way to get out of there was by inserting
some code into a strange machine, which allowed her to contact the present. Nora
had to insert seven codes to break free. A little notebook gave her some clues,
but she needed Stefano's help to open a zipped file containing the seven
enigmas, which, unfortunately, he accidentally spread onto the new Enel
Intranet, which he was working on. Stefano then decided to build a
simple website to allow all Enel employees to help him solve the enigmas and
free Nora. Users accessed the website and were divided into teams. Each mission
involved a different section of the Intranet and had a time limit to be solved
(there was also a world ranking of the best groups).

ENEL

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
