MAIZE.ONSTAGE, OUR PLATFORM FOR UNFORGETTABLE EVENTS

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

MAIZE.onstage, our platform for unforgettable events

MAIZE.onstage is a platform for online event management. Unlike a call-
conference or live-streaming tool, it allows you to define a schedule and pre-
load all materials to support the presenter. To facilitate the replicability of
events, it also has a media library, i.e. storage for collecting and classifying
documents that, once uploaded, will be reusable in multiple events
simultaneously. The live event also makes it possible to alternate moments of
total media-streaming immersion with others in which participants can speak and
interact directly with everyone.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

MAIZE.onstage, our platform for unforgettable events

MAIZE.onstage was born from the need to recreate online the uniqueness of an
experience that we would usually enjoy in presence. The acceleration on these
reflections came in 2019 thanks to Covid.

A platform for the managementof online events, which allows both streaming and
pre-recorded videos.

Improved brand narrative, elevated brand experience and increased sustainability
(derived from the reduction of emissions from any avoided travel for in-person
events).

MAIZE.onstage was born with the objective of building a digital solution that
would allow the organisation and delivery of virtual experiences with a high
capacity for engagement and with different fields of application: from brand
awareness through virtual and guided tours, to product discovery through 3D
virtual exploration, up to highly immersive narrative experiences able to
replace events and activities normally managed in presence.From the initial
brief, a tool was born that makes immersiveness its strong point and distinctive
aspect compared to other call conference platforms. MAIZE.onstage in fact allows
high quality video with a highly immersive layout (cinema mode) and without loss
of quality or information during streaming.The event is organised by the stage
manager, who will be able to define a lineup of pre-loaded content (images,
presentations and videos) to be broadcast during the live event. The direction
of the event is simple and allows the involvement of several speakers with the
flexibility of being able to readjust the set list according to the needs that
arise during the live broadcast.MAIZE.onstage is still in BETA but in continuous
evolution.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Internal • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
