MAIZE.PLUS, OUR INNOVATIVE LEARNING PLATFORM

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

MAIZE.plus, our innovative learning platform

A learning platform designed and developed by us that combines innovation,
technology and culture by helping to develop new methods and points of view:
MAIZE.plus is a path of personalized and engaging content, designed to help
managers, professionals and teams understand the pillars of digital
transformation and create an innovative mindset open to change. 

Content on MAIZE.plus explores the different souls of innovation covering topics
related to new business models, new technologies, and new social phenomena. 

The platform is multidevice and multilingual - Italian, English, Spanish, French
and German.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Internal • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

MAIZE.plus, our innovative learning platform

Provide professionals with an e-learning tool that helps them to understand and
study contemporary phenomena such as digitization and innovation culture.

A learning platform that combines innovation, technology and culture to develop
new methods and points of view.

80.000+ active users worldwide, 72 courses available today on the platform with
new releases every month, contents available in five languages (Italian,
English, German, French and Spanish).

MAIZE.plus is an e-learning platform that is founded on three thematic domains
which define both the assessment and the learning journey:

HUMAN, a look inside the transformations we are facing as people and as a
society and how to translate them in opportunities for growth.

INNOVATION, a map of the emergent tech and digital landscape that tells the
story of how is changing our way of doing business;

CULTURE, a journey on how to design and implement a new organizational culture
that unleashes people’s innovative potential.

MAIZE.plus is an omnichannel platform which allows users to learn on the go.
With MAIZE.plus, every spare moment becomes an opportunity to grow, whether that
moment be on a user's daily commute, as they wait in line or sip on a tea in a
local cafe — MAIZE.plus is versatile and always there for the user.

Users are engaged from the very beginning with interactive content that helps
them formulate ideas and engage with the topics at hand. MAIZE.plus courses are
designed with interactive exercises, GIFs, mini-videos, and narrative images
that make it easier to learn on the go.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Internal • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
