MAKERLAB, AN IMMERSIVE VR LAB FOR CREATORS

------------------------------------------------------------

MakerLab, an immersive VR lab for creators

Global brands are increasingly chosen by consumers for what they stand for.
Consumer-facing engagement experiences create an emotional bond, associating
values with their logos.

The project was a virtual environment where everybody could create their own,
personal style. It allowed consumers to take a step into VR and explore
possibilities as designers of their own products.

In the virtual lab, customers can choose signature shoes and create a dream
sneaker style, using a variety of colors for laces, uppers, tongues, and more.
The environment was the ideal ground to explore and experiment.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

MakerLab, an immersive VR lab for creators

The brand, associated with style and performance, was exploring how to empower
its consumers to be creators and innovators through digital enablers.

A Virtual Reality application rolled out in stores and at events, which allowed
consumers to pick their favorite footwear product, customize its looks to the
fullest, and buy it.

Asian consumers are more likely to engage with digital stimuli: we took the
project to the Seoul Flagship store and a Shanghai sports event, where consumer
response was overwhelming.

We worked with the Retail Innovation team, focusing on how digital will change
the retail consumer experience in the future.

The company was strongly pushing to position itself as a creator and innovation
brand. New store concepts were being designed to strongly convey the new
direction. A global program of tech-based pilot experiences was being deployed
to various retail locations. In this context, we started exploring how VR could
be used to support the brand's strategy.

Conceptual work started around the idea of enabling a person to create their own
product through an immersive experience. Through an innovative tech setup,
consumers would be designing their own products. We wanted to go beyond
customization and close the loop, allowing a customized product to materialize
in the hands of its creator. Tight collaboration with stakeholders allowed us to
design and spec out the changes that consumers would be allowed to perform,
adhering to the brand's style guidelines and making sure every outcome could
actually be produced.

The outcome was a highly-appreciated, immersive customization experience which
was installed at the Flagship in Seoul, South Korea, and at an international
sports event in Shanghai. Learnings were valuable: we clearly proved VR to be a
strong consumer engagement means in the context of events and activations.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
