MALPENSA LOVERS: A ROMANTIC TRAVEL SERIES

TRENORD

------------------------------------------------------------

Malpensa Lovers: a romantic travel series

Trenord is an Italian railway company that deals exclusively with public
transport by rail in a single region (Lombardy).

Trenord asked for our help to design new initiatives to improve Malpensa Express
market share, ideating new solutions and communication strategies.

We supported Trenord creating the "Malpensa Lovers" campaign, a video series
shot in Milan and launched during the 2019 Fall Malpensa Express marketing
campaign.

TRENORD

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Malpensa Lovers: a romantic travel series

Production of two short videos and a set of key visuals based on the concept
"Malpensa Lovers" to be delivered to Trenord before the launch of the Malpensa
Express Fall marketing campaign.

Enrichment of the concept "Malpensa Lovers" and production of two original
stories, from storyboards and scripts, to casting and set management, through
shooting and editing of videos and photos.

The stories were the core asset of the 2019 marketing campaign, spread through
social media, Cadorna Station and Duomo video walls, and posters. Videos reached
+1 min views on Youtube.

As Trenord asked us to turn the communication concept "Malpensa Lovers" into a
campaign, we produced two short videos and a set of photos, delivering all the
materials for the Fall 2019 Malpensa Express campaign. We took care of every
aspect of video production: moodboards, storyboards, casting and location
selection, shooting and editing. To define the stories, we started analyzing the
consumers' characteristics that emerged during previous research. We decided,
together with Trenord, to focus on two main targets: prospects who considered
Malpensa Express, but never used it; customers who traveled one way by train,
but used alternative solutions for the way back. The story for the first target,
"Trust me, together we will get anywhere," talked about a young Erasmus couple
who was about to split up due to end of their academic program. We shot the
video both in Piazza Duomo and Milano Cadorna Station, connecting iconic places
of the city to the story.

The story theme for the second target, "When you'll be back, we'll be here for
you," has a protagonist as a couple with a baby. The focus is on the moment to
say goodbye on the train platform between a young woman, a frequent business
traveler, and her partner and child.

The videos have been the cornerstone of marketing strategies reaching more than
1 million views on Youtube, played on outdoor displays at Milano Cadorna and
Duomo stations.

TRENORD

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
