MANAGING CHANGE THROUGH LISTENING AND IDEA GENERATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Managing change through listening and idea generation

Our client, one of Europe's leading insurance groups, needs to identify
weaknesses and develop effective solutions that can be implemented quickly
following the internal reorganization of a division to improve the working
environment within the team.They asked us to help them structure a process with
a strong collaborative design component to identify challenges and areas for
improvement.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Managing change through listening and idea generation

A project to listen to people and understand their perceptions of change. The
ultimate goal? To identify areas of opportunity to be developed along the
transformation journey.

A two-month journey during which we launched a survey, ran two rounds of focus
groups and collected best practices at the team level through a collaborative
game.

A series of posters for each team with best practices on strategic areas of
intervention: managing change, feedback culture, team building, knowledge
management, and work management.

Our client wants to gain an in-depth understanding of how people in the division
feel about the changes taking place in the organization. To do this, they wanted
to start a dialogue and listen, interviewing everyone on the team. We designed a
path to understand the organizational context, define areas for investigation,
identify challenges and generate ideas from the heart of the organization.The
journey: After launching a survey to gauge people's feelings, we structured an
initial listening phase by facilitating four focus groups with the aim of
engaging people, gathering broad points of attention, and stimulating lateral
thinking on issues important to people and the organization.We then supported
people to discuss hot topics, tensions and strengths to identify areas of
opportunity. In a second round of focus groups, we structured a game ("Braver
Thinkers") to help participants converge on shared best practices around three
relevant themes chosen by the group. At the end of the process, we rationalized
the insights that emerged and worked on sense-making, outlining quick-win
actions in response to the insights highlighted by each team.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
