MAPPING THE FOOTWEAR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PROCESS FOR HIMCO

HIMCO

------------------------------------------------------------

Mapping the footwear product development process for HIMco

High Italian Manufacturing (HIM co), an Italian company producing high-end
footwear for Italian and international fashion brands, asked us to study the
current footwear development process with the aim of identifying opportunities
for integrating 3D solutions.

The goal is to build a digital workflow by designing new processes that need to
be reviewed at individual stages of product development, as well as to analyze
the skills and tools needed for their adoption.

HIMCO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Mapping the footwear product development process for HIMco

Feasibility study on 3D implementation, designing the micro-processes involving
the various stakeholders in the product development chain.

A study that involves all the stakeholders of the product development process.

A plan to implement 3D in HIMco, from short to long term.

The study examined all stages of the product development process, from receiving
drawings to pre-engineering and production. The research focused on two stages:
1-to-1 interviews with the different roles involved in the process, from which
we gathered critical issues and points of attention, and a study of the process
directly at HIMco headquarters by working alongside the different roles and
observing their experience and interactions with colleagues and tools.

The study included the analysis of the main product development case studies,
which included carry-over and new collection processes. For each of these cases,
micro-processes that could be digitized to create a digital product were
designed. The same approach was applied to designing the product and sample
review processes. The feasibility study also included an economic projection of
possible savings from digitalization (e.g., reducing prototypes) and a study of
the professional figures to be integrated into the team.

The result was a summary document shared and discussed during a dedicated
workshop session, which outlined a detailed 3D implementation strategy and a
roadmap of actions to be implemented in the short, medium, and long term.

HIMCO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
