MARKETING SPACE: A CROSS-DIVISIONAL VIRTUAL EVENT FOR SHARING AND INSPIRING

NOVARTIS

------------------------------------------------------------

Marketing space: a cross-divisional virtual event for sharing and inspiring

Every year Novartis Italia, a leader company in the pharmaceutical field,
organize a final year event to celebrate the results achieved by its three
marketing division, Pharma, Sandoz and Oncology. For the year 2020 the Novartis
team asked us support to deliver the event virtually.

We designed and delivered Marketing Space 2020 - Omnichannel Odyssey, a virtual
event of 8 hours split in 2 days for 100 participants and made of different
formats: plenary sharing sessions, a team building game and a group
brainstorming.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Marketing space: a cross-divisional virtual event for sharing and inspiring

To organize a closing year event aimed at sharing best practice, inspiration and
reflections among the marketing team of Novartis Italia (Pharma, Sandoz and
Oncology).

A virtual event 8 hours long (split in two days) during which plenary
inspiration sessions alternate to a team building game and a group brainstorming
session.

More than 100 participants involved. The event got a 3.9 score out of 5
(percentuale gradimento 78%) and 98% of participants would participate again to
a similar initiative

Three main phases characterised the design activities to deliver the solution.

Before the event our effort was in planning the main activities to create a
coherent and engaging experience. We started from the definition of the agenda
and the technical set up of the digital tools for delivering the event, the
design of the engagement communications and event branding (logo, bumper, slide
deck, etcetera).

In the same time we co-designed with Novartis the main activities of the event.
We customized the Risky Business game platform - a game that is designed to test
competition directly and realistically, confronting market dangers and
uncertainties; we defined the virtual brainstorming activities and supported the
Novartis team in managing the Call for best practice to select the best six
marketing initiatives to be shared during the plenary sessions. Finally, we were
also involved in scouting and management of international speakers.

During the event MAIZE remotely directed and guided speakers and participants
through the different digital channels chosen to carry out the event.

After the event we design and delivered an interactive ebook with all the best
practice collected prior the event.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
