MEASURING WEB ENGAGEMENT IN THE FASHION INDUSTRY

------------------------------------------------------------

Measuring web engagement in the fashion industry

Fashion, like and more than other sectors, has been invested in recent years by
the digital transformation: the end customer, in fact, today evaluates their
purchases online by watching videos and consulting reviews of those who have
already purchased. For this reason, monitoring user engagement from web content
is becoming increasingly important in the fashion industry.

A popular online magazine asked us to perform a semantic analysis of the
contents of articles, through the identification of the main themes, in order to
analyze their performance and drive the production of new content.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------

Measuring web engagement in the fashion industry

An analysis of how much traffic online article topics move, with generation of a
specific taxonomy in the consumer fashion domain.

A cluster analysis experiment on online articles via API with CELI.analytics. We
also integrated ad hoc algorithms for the use case at hand.

Our dashboard allows to work on user preferences, in relation with
CELI.analytics dimensions and metrics. Topics with high engagement but low
coverage were detected, such as specific haircut styles.

The new frontier of fashion is increasingly digitized. Operations such as
profiling the customer base, identifying the levers that move traffic and
mapping web and social engagement are increasingly important for brands.

We carried out an analysis of articles from an online fashion magazine, with the
aim of obtaining a summary of the contents that generate the most user
engagement. Through a Machine Learning experiment supervised via CELI.analytics,
we performed a cluster analysis that led us to identify brands, celebrities and
topics from the articles from which we generated a taxonomy.

This operation allowed us to perform specific analyses, such as identifying the
best brand for the hair topic, the topic in which a certain brand performs best,
and what percentage that topic represents of total visits.

A phenomenon of interest for publishing, that we can study, is the divergence
between the number of articles on a topic and web visits to them: if, in
correspondence of many articles there is little traffic, it is likely that the
editorial staff is investing too much on a certain topic. From the point of view
of sponsored articles, to little treated topics that generate many visits will
be instead attributed greater value.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------
