MENTORXCHANGE: SPREADING PEER LEARNING AND CONTAMINATION WITHIN ORGANIZATIONS

MENTORXCHANGE

------------------------------------------------------------

MentorXchange: spreading peer learning and contamination within organizations

MentorXchange is an English startup that aims to facilitate peer learning within
corporations, thanks to a digital mentoring platform.

They asked us to help to define their concept, and ultimately their philosophy.

We started by defining a powerful company identity, then designed the product
and implemented it.

Through research and design activities, their true vision and mission arose.
After facilitating an extended workshop with the team, we worked on the product
design process applying the principles of atomic design, and finally on its
technical development.

MENTORXCHANGE

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Education, Publishing • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

MentorXchange: spreading peer learning and contamination within organizations

Redefine MentorXchange’s go-to-market strategy and redesign their product’s User
Experience, to make it an effective vehicle, capable of spreading a new culture
within organizations.

Our proposal was a phased project, focused on the company’s competitor analysis,
mission and branding, the product’s user experience, and its technical
implementation.

Starting from a branding rework (including logo, website, pitch deck, and
presentation video), we created a product that conveyed a consistent identity
and philosophy across several touch points.

An end-to-end, in-depth transformation of the MentorXchange brand and company,
this horizontal project brought together many different areas of our offering.
The initial research and competitor analysis, rebranding, and startup
repositioning workstream were essential for the project’s success. Building on a
new, solid brand allowed us to precisely tune into the company's communication
and to differentiate the product's features uniquely on the market. Using co-
design methodologies, we facilitated an extensive generative workshop, focusing
on all aspects of the brand: pitch deck, product teaser video, and visual
identity among others. The platform enabled employees of organizations or
corporate networks to create mentoring relationships for their professional
growth. Users could offer their support based on their experiences, skills, and
competencies, or look for topics they would like to improve on. They then
spontaneously connected through new mentorship relationships, schedule sessions,
and share structured feedback. Editorial articles were also available for the
community, allowing a deep-dive on topics relevant to the organization. All
interactions were registered in an intuitive HR dashboard, with metrics
(including skill growth). Thanks to atomic design, UI components were responsive
and modular. Our internal team setup allowed an agile design and implementation
workflow. Creatives and coders worked on the product side by side, keeping the
client on board at all times.

MENTORXCHANGE

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Education, Publishing • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
