MERCK FOR HEALTH, H-ACK FOR TECH INNOVATION IN HEALTHCARE

MERCK SERONO

------------------------------------------------------------

Merck for Health, H-ACK for tech innovation in healthcare

Merck Serono is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany,
which is a brand and division of Merck focused on biopharmaceuticals.

On November 2016, we organized the first edition of a Merck for Health
hackathon, after a series of events throughout Italy aimed at spreading
awareness about the potentialities of technology innovation in healthcare and
collecting promising ideas. The H-ACK was followed by a follow-up phase where we
helped 4 winning teams produce an MVP of their ideas to qualify as possible
Merck partners.

MERCK SERONO

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Merck for Health, H-ACK for tech innovation in healthcare

Merck was looking for a partner to help it start and design a new journey in
Pharma digital innovation, widening the range of involved stakeholders and
scouting new valuable business opportunities.

Merck for Health was a multi-phase project aimed at scouting new experts and
startups and new ideas in healthcare.

The journey started with a series of events throughout Italy and culminated in a
non-stop 24-hour hacktahon in Rome. A follow-up phase helped the 4 winning teams
define an MVP of their ideas.

In 2016, Merck started its journey in Pharma digital innovation with several
local and global initiatives such as events throughout Italy hosting health
innovation experts and meeting startups operating in the same field, looking for
projects that could make an innovative contribution to healthcare.

At the Rome H-ACK event in November 2016, the 4 challenges were: How to improve
the doctor/patient relationship during medical treatments? How to safely manage,
store, and analyze the huge amount of data collected by wearable devices and
make them effectively available for scientific medical research? How to support,
improve, and monitor adherence to medical treatment among chronically ill
patients? Disruptive and innovative ideas in healthcare

Healthmeup, Tommi, Gamerck, and Carepy were the four winning teams who had
access to the follow-up phase when we helped them further develop their ideas.
In the follow-up phase, each team received a challenge related to a specific
therapeutical area and was paired with a Merck Mentor. Teams had 2 months to
focus on the challenge and use collaborative tools and preset milestones
(storyboard, landing page, business model canvas, market research) to remain on
track towards the concrete realization of their ideas. Today, some of these
teams are successful startups.

MERCK SERONO

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
