MODULAR COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN TO SUPPORT CHANGE MANAGEMENT AND TECHNOLOGICAL
TRANSFORMATION

------------------------------------------------------------

Modular communication campaign to support change management and technological
transformation

We developed a modular and multi-year communication campaign to support the
process of change management and technological transformation for a major luxury
brand. Inspired by the concept of stars, constellations, and the dynamics of the
universe, the campaign uses a visually strong and impactful concept to make an
initially unengaging transformation process more comprehensible and engaging.
The goal was to highlight the tangible benefits for employees' daily lives,
fostering the adoption of new technologies and promoting a continuously evolving
digital culture.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Modular communication campaign to support change management and technological
transformation

The main challenge was to create a campaign that made a complex technological
transformation engaging, facilitating change management and effectively reaching
the entire employee base.

A modular campaign featuring video teasers, onboarding kit, newsletters,
podcasts, and SharePoint, which facilitated change management and made the
benefits of technological transformation tangible.

The campaign supported the change management process by increasing understanding
and adoption of the technological transformation and promoting a more open and
digital corporate culture.

The IT function of a major luxury company launched a comprehensive change
management and technological transformation program, organized into 12
interconnected projects. To make this transformation, perceived as
uninteresting, more understandable and engaging, a modular and multi-year
communication campaign was developed, inspired by the universe: the stars
represent individual projects, and the constellations symbolize the various
business functions and their interactions. The campaign aimed to facilitate the
adoption of technological changes by highlighting how these innovations would
improve work life and operational efficiency. The communications were developed
in close collaboration with IT project managers and business functions, making
them active participants in delivering the message. The campaign included
various assets: a video teaser to present the transformation in an engaging way;
a themed onboarding kit with personalized stickers and decals to create a visual
and conceptual connection; a bulletin, a periodic newsletter with updates on
project progress; a podcast, the company’s first audio communication initiative,
developed in collaboration with the people leading the transformation, sharing
their experiences firsthand; and a SharePoint landing page, a dedicated
microsite full of always-updated insights on each project.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
