MULTILINGUAL TEXT ANALYTICS FOR VOICE OF THE CUSTOMER IN THE AUTOMOTIVE DOMAIN

FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual text analytics for voice of the customer in the automotive domain

The marketing department of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles dispenses satisfaction
questionnaires containing open-ended questions to its customers to evaluate the
performance of the outlets in different European countries and their
salespeople. The amount of texts collected requires an automated tool to extract
insights, opinions and sentiment in a uniform way for all questionnaire
languages.

To support the client in the analysis we provided in SaaS mode our text mining
platform based on the CELI.analytics product. The tool allowed documents to be
categorized to identify the most frequent themes and attribute sentiment.

FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual text analytics for voice of the customer in the automotive domain

Analyze surveys of European car shows, using a single analysis and reporting
dashboard for all languages to extract insights and insights on cities and/or
car models.

Our text mining platform based on CELI.analytics, which allows you to evaluate
the performance of your sales network, individual dealership and services.

The system allows to identify the most frequent and relevant topics and to
classify texts according to their content in a multilingual perspective, without
having to resort to content translation.

FCA, through its marketing department, issues satisfaction questionnaires
containing open-ended questions to its customers in order to evaluate the work
of the stores and their salespeople. The answers of the questionnaires,
available in Italian, English, French and Spanish, must be analyzed in order to
return insights on the most frequent and relevant topics.

In order to accomplish this task, we made our text mining solution based on
CELI.analytics available to the client in SaaS mode. The platform leverages the
latest NLP techniques, with an approach that combines automated Machine Learning
and Deep Learning modules and rule-based systems at the same time.

Through the platform, FCA is able to process the multilingual texts resulting
from the questionnaires, without the need for translation, and obtain aggregated
insights on the different European countries' points of sale, salespeople and
car models. By analyzing the frequency and importance of the different issues
raised, the company can promptly determine the actions to be taken to improve
its processes and the services offered to customers.

FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------
