MULTILINGUAL RECEPTION, IMPLEMENTATION OF VOICE SOLUTIONS IN INDUSTRIAL
ENVIRONMENTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual reception, implementation of voice solutions in industrial
environments

In a production plant, everyday employees must interact with international
transporters at several touchpoints.

Lacking a common language, the reception desk for truck-drivers is the
bottleneck of the acceptance process.

With the aim of developing an automatic speech-to-speech simultaneous
translation technology, the client asked us for help in evaluating the existing
systems and their technological applicability.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual reception, implementation of voice solutions in industrial
environments

Identify the best speech-to-speech simultaneous translation technology, in order
to facilitate the acceptance process at the reception desk.

Evaluation of the identified technological solution, with two different hardware
configuration and in several production plant's touchpoints. Survey based
analysis of the users' satisfaction.

Project report containing pros and cons of the chosen solution, with scale-up
recommendations.

A multinational company with various production plants must effectively manage
the conversations that take place between Italian employees and truck drivers
who speak different languages.

We analyzed some solutions available on the market that allow the simultaneous
translation of speech from foreign languages ​​into Italian (and vice versa). We
found that the best solution was the Google Interpreter service (integrated in
Google Assistant), accessible via different devices (smartphone, smart speaker,
tablet, etc.).

We then tested the solution inside a production plant, asking users to use
Google Interpreter (comparing two different devices). After the tests, a
questionnaire was distributed to collect user opinions.

Finally, we evaluated the solution according to some KPIs: covered languages,
translator's performance, audio power, any visual support.

The analysis highlighted the Google Interpreter as the best solution delivered
through Smart Speaker with integrated display.

The analysis and the collected recommendations were merged into a project
report, used by the management to evaluate the industrialization of the
solution.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
