MULTILINGUAL SEMANTIC SEARCH ENGINE FOR FINDING DIFFERENT DATA SOURCES

ITALGAS

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual semantic search engine for finding different data sources

Italgas interfaces with different interlocutors through a large number of
digital tools, which is destined to grow very fast in the coming years.

In this scenario, the need has emerged to create a digital ecosystem in which
information must be found quickly and efficiently by users. We have therefore
integrated, within the official web portal, a multilingual semantic search
engine able to effectively search among the different data sources available to
the customer, making them available to users quickly and efficiently.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual semantic search engine for finding different data sources

The client needed a tool that would optimize the searchability of different
content, both in Italian and English, on the website. The results also needed to
be sorted by relevance.

A multilingual semantic search engine based on the CELI.search product
integrated on the client's website and based on specific configurations
depending on the data source to be interpreted.

The system has greatly improved the searchability of content, both through free
text searches and through the filters section in the shoulder at the side of the
page.

In the scenario in which digital tools become fundamental for the management of
the relationship with customers, Italgas expressed the need to create a digital
ecosystem that has the dual purpose of representing the brand, so that it is
always recognizable, making the development and maintenance of all digital tools
more efficient.

In particular, the client asked us to integrate on the official web portal a
semantic search engine in Italian and English that would make it easier for
users to search for different types of content. The tool we created is based on
the CELI.search product and, thanks to ad hoc implemented services, it best
manages various data sources: web pages, news, documents, videos, events. It is
possible to carry out effective searches through free text queries, thanks to
advanced linguistic features such as morphological analysis, management of
synonyms and expansions and spell checks. Facet filters on dates,
classifications and other document types are also applicable. The results
obtained are also sorted by relevance: the sorting algorithm has been specially
designed to give greater prominence to certain types of content, concepts and
specific pages.

The search engine, thanks to the generation of custom microservices, is also an
entry point for some relevant satellite sites.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
