MULTILINGUAL VOICE OF THE CUSTOMER IN THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY

INTESA SANPAOLO

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual Voice Of The Customer in the Financial Industry

International Subsidiary Banks division of Intesa Sanpaolo started an
omnichannel customer experience program on foreign banks belonging to the ISP
group.

Some banks collect quantitative and qualitative feedback using NPS surveys
containing open-ended questions. ISP decided to deploy our text-mining platform,
CELI.analytics, to enable feedback analysis for each bank.

The platform must be able to intuitively display quantitative feedback and
analyze open-ended responses in the various original languages.

INTESA SANPAOLO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Multilingual Voice Of The Customer in the Financial Industry

ISBD Division of Intesa Sanpaolo needs a platform to monitor and analyze NPS
feedback (both quantitative and qualitative) from some foreign banks belonging
to ISP Group.

We provided the banks with our proprietary platform, CELI.analytics, that
enables the analysis of written text in more than 15 languages, combining both
quantitative and qualitative data.

Using our platform, 3 Banks (PBZ, CIB, VUB) can analyze the perceived
satisfaction, monitor the most frequents topics and understand strengths and
pain points of products and services.

The platform deploy required different development phases. Each bank needed to
define a list of relevant variables to segment the customer base during the
analysis.

In the second phase, a list of relevant topics has been identified. These topics
should be detected within the open-ended answers written by the customers.

Once the perimeter of the analysis was defined, a team of expert native
linguists developed the automatic system that allows the platform to analyze the
texts (strictly in the original language) to extract the most relevant insights,
to track the topics covered in the free responses and to distinguish the most
positive responses from the most critical or negative ones.

The platform setting was shared with and approved by each bank.

Each bank had its own users list to allow the stakeholders to log in to the
platform. Each division can monitor the NPS performances and, thanks to the
linguistic analysis, can establish the actions needed for a continuous
improvement of the customer experience.

INTESA SANPAOLO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
