MUOVY, THE NEW AUTOSTRADE PER L'ITALIA APPLICATION.

FREE TO X

------------------------------------------------------------

MUOVY, the new Autostrade per l'Italia Application.

As part of an intensive internal digital innovation program at ASPI, and due to
the closure of all Punti Blu, decided to create a mobile touchpoint. This
touchpoint would offer travelers services, information, and manage
reimbursements and toll payments previously handled at physical locations.
Starting from the existing Free to X App, we were asked to do a re-branding that
would embrace ASPI's visual identity and integrate the functionality already
present on the App and the website in order to have a single access point for
all services. This resulted in MUOVY, an application (iOS and Android) and a
dedicated website as a new point of contact for Autostrade per L'Italia
customers.

FREE TO X

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

MUOVY, the new Autostrade per l'Italia Application.

Rebranding and development of the new Autostrade per l'Italia App from the
previous Free To X App, maintaining all functionalities and ergonomically
inserting new features.

We created a large Agile team of designers and developers and did a total
redesign of the existing application and implemented new features.

Apps are the main touchpoint for accessing ASPI's services, with more than
500,000 people currently using it. We have established a long-lasting
relationship of trust with ASPI.

Autostrade per l'Italia (ASPI), the Italian motorway concessionaire that manages
around 50% of the national motorway network, decided to close the Punti Blu
(offices known to drivers for dealing with motorway toll paperwork) and asked
us, starting from the previous application Free to X, to identify a new graphic
look that would embrace Autostrade's visual identity in which motorists would
immediately recognise the brand, and to integrate functions present on the site
so as to have a single access point for all ASPI services.This is how MUOVY,
Autostrade per l'Italia's new App was born: info-routing, cashback and all
customer services.Starting from the new logo (provided by a third party) we
created a brand book for all Muovy's visual communication and designed the new
homepage of the App, re-designed more than 400 screens according to the new
brand identity and developed the design system. The development team supported
the client on maintenance activities and applied the new design, as well as the
app to the Cashback website.In December 2023 App and Site were released to the
public (more than 500,000 people currently use it).

FREE TO X

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
