MY IMPACT JOURNAL, AN ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET FOR IMPACT GRADUATE PROGRAM

------------------------------------------------------------

My Impact Journal, an illustrated booklet for Impact Graduate Program

The client, an Italian player in the global banking and financial services
industry, launched a Graduate Program to accelerate new, high-potential talent
within the organization.

The program is made of different segments and one of these has the goal to
transfer the company’s vision and train people in new, and good, practices. The
client needed support to turn this into an engaging experience.

For this purpose, we created an illustrated booklet offering a set of
metaphorical exercises and stories that challenged onboarders to reflect and
exercise their key competences.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

My Impact Journal, an illustrated booklet for Impact Graduate Program

The main challenge was to identify company's values and translate them into
concrete and engaging activities suitable for the final target (110 young
business graduates).

An illustrated booklet offering 10 exercises in which selected talent interacted
with the content in an unconventional way.

We designed and printed the booklet to be delivered to the 110 selected people
from the graduate program throughout the main company's global offices.

The project is a hand-illustrated booklet accompanying young talent in the
Impact Graduate Program through their educational journey.

The booklet offers 10 activities, two for each one of the five values that guide
the company's daily operations and actions. Each value incorporates a mix of
practical capabilities that each employee should possess to varying degrees,
according to their seniority.

The activities we designed are metaphorical interpretations of these values and
consist of practical everyday exercises from observing colleagues and collecting
feedback, to keeping track of personal behaviors and actions, to reflect and
improve.

To engage participants, we designed the booklet drawing inspiration from a set
of references (e.g. Osserva, raccogli, disegna by Giorgia Lupi). We created
hand-made illustrations and typography to give the object the look and feel of a
personal diary. Graduate Program members could enjoy the activities in random
order, picking a different one every day, and engaging with inspirational
content and practical information.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
