NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING APPLICATIONS IN CASE-LAW TEXT PUBLISHING

GIUFFRÈ FRANCIS LEFEBVRE

------------------------------------------------------------

Natural Language Processing applications in case-law text publishing

Processing case-law contents for electronic publishing purposes is a time-
consuming activity that encompasses several subtasks and usually involves adding
annotations to the original text. On the other hand, recent trends in Artificial
Intelligence and Natural Language Processing enable the automatic and efficient
analysis of big textual data.

A publishing house deals with online publications in the field of jurisprudence
and provides several activities to analyze the text of each new judgment: from
the annotation of normative references to the identification of similar
judgments, to a classification by relevance and then by topic.

GIUFFRÈ FRANCIS LEFEBVRE

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Natural Language Processing applications in case-law text publishing

The client asked us to apply state of the art NLP techniques to produce specific
analysis components for the Italian legal domain starting from an existing
document database.

A design proposal in 3 modules: annotation and extraction of principles,
identification of similar judgments, a classification by relevance and one by
theme, identification of relevant parts.

The approach and technologies adopted provide an overall benefit in terms of
information architecture, enabling uniform use of resources.

In the field of law publishing, Giuffré Francis Lefebvre needs to analyze the
texts of new published sentences through state-of-the-art NLP technologies. In
order to meet these needs, we have created and engineered 3 analysis modules: a
study of the normative references present in the dataset, training and tuning of
models to identify similar sentences, a classification by degree of relevance
and by theme to identify the significant parts for the purpose of drafting the
maxim.

To carry out these activities, we identified semantic and Machine Learning
technologies as the key to achieving the desired results, since they provide
standard tools and methodologies for the creation of reusable and articulable
evolutions within a progressive evolution path.

The solution integrates in the proprietary architecture Sophia Brain, an open-
source Language Model with prior knowledge of Italian (Google BERT), able to
capture the nuances and variants of the language and adapted to the legal
domain.

The developed models are delivered through services integrated in the normal
editorial flow, giving the possibility to the human operator to review the
analysis and the classifications produced by the machine, before proceeding with
the publication.

GIUFFRÈ FRANCIS LEFEBVRE

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
