NEW BUSINESS MODELS FOR DIGITAL DISTRIBUTION TO MILLENNIALS AND FOR MOBILITY

------------------------------------------------------------

New business models for digital distribution to Millennials and for mobility

The client, one of the biggest players in the Italian insurance market, asked
for our help to imagine and design new insurance products and services exploring
three different areas: millennials, new mobility trends, and D2C digital
distribution.

The project applied a holistic approach, including market analysis, quantitative
and qualitative consumer research, co-design sessions, and business analysis and
modeling tools to validate the economic sustainability of the designed
solutions.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

New business models for digital distribution to Millennials and for mobility

To define a new portfolio of products and new business models to conquer
overlooked or completely unexplored market segments.

An extensive research path among the market, customers, and trends, as organized
by three co-generation sessions, which led to six concepts, three of which were
market-tested.

Three new business models validated on the market, from which a commercial
opportunity and business plan have been estimated. Design of a mobile multi-
product insurance app.

The project had deep strategic value and included key involvement from all
C-level executives, including its CEO. We started with a market analysis,
looking at the way competitors and new entrants were moving, as well as the new
socio-economic and technological trends that were underway. This allowed us to
identify areas of interest, and conduct qualitative and quantitative research
with customers. We organized focus groups, interviews, and research, to gain a
deeper understanding of emerging insurance needs. Using the results of the
research phase as input, we carried out 3 co-design sessions involving cross-
functional teams, identifying areas of opportunity to co-design solutions that
satisfied the clients' needs and were consistent within a competitive context.
The most interesting opportunity areas were: micro-saving, insurance for live
experiences, micro-contextual insurance for sharing mobility, delayed insurance,
and consumer cyber-risk protection. Once we had selected the 3 most promising
concepts, we further explored, detailed, and tested them on a sample of target
customers, through a quantitative survey, which allowed us to estimate public
interest, market opportunities, revenue models, and pricing. One of the outcomes
of the co-design sessions was a mobile app for customers, for which we defined
the functional perimeter, concept, and detailed design.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
