NLU FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN IN-CAR VOICE ASSISTANT

MERCEDES-BENZ

------------------------------------------------------------

NLU for the development of an in-car voice assistant

Companies in the automotive industry are among the first adopters of voice
technologies, as cars are the most suitable environments for using voice
commands, allowing users to focus on driving without distractions. 

To ensure a smoother and more natural user experience in their vehicles,
Mercedes asked us for support to develop a multilingual voice assistant that
would include both activations through voice and natural language interactions
optimized for the in-car experience.

MERCEDES-BENZ

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Automotive & Petrol • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

NLU for the development of an in-car voice assistant

A multilingual voice assistant that supports the user in the use of all
features, able to answer questions about car handling and natural language
interactions.

A team of linguists and developers worked on an intent recognition task:
linguistic knowledge is fed into the engine in order to train it to understand
varied commands.

The multilingual voice assistant provides natural language interaction optimized
for the in-car experience and is able to support the user in using all features.

In the automotive sector, especially on high-end vehicles, the use of voice
assistants is becoming increasingly widespread, a way of interfacing via voice
with internally developed and promoted tools that have a characteristic identity
and a voice associated with the brand. These assistants provide help in
activating functions inside the cockpit, respond to requests for information
related to driving and the system and allow you to manage entertainment (e.g.
playback of music) and the communication aspect to the outside world (instant
messaging, calls, email).

The strength of this interaction is the naturalness with which the user can
address the system: thanks to a complex management of the dialogue flow, the
assistant is able to understand and execute not only simple commands, but also
more elaborate commands, expressed in different rounds of dialogue and
formulated in a more implicit way.

Given the internationality of the market, we coordinate experts capable of
generating content in most European, North American, South American, Middle
Eastern and Asian languages; in the case of languages with a high number of
speakers, the development is replicated in the territorial language variants
(e.g. European English, American English, Indian English) to allow speakers to
express themselves in an even more natural way.

MERCEDES-BENZ

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Automotive & Petrol • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
