NON CHIAMATELI EROI, A COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN TO PROMOTE NEW DIABETES TREATMENT

------------------------------------------------------------

Non chiamateli eroi, a communication campaign to promote new diabetes treatment

In a complex scenario such as the Covid-19 pandemic and the lockdown, an
important player in the healthcare sector asked our help to promote the adoption
of a therapeutic treatment based on the use of weekly administration insulin,
which with a simple gesture, improves the quality of life and health of
patients. 

To respond to this need we developed an internal communication and engagement
campaign for diabetologists, Non chiamateli eroi , consisting of 14 video
interviews, an eBook, and 6 virtual deep-dive meetings.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Non chiamateli eroi, a communication campaign to promote new diabetes treatment

Promote to diabetologists the adoption of a specific treatment, insulin with
weekly administration, that with a simple gesture, is extremely effective and
improves patients' lives.

An internal campaign to tell the heroic actions of the diabetologists carried
out during the lockdown period, through video interviews, an eBook and virtual
meetings.

14 stories in a video-interview format, 1 eBook and 6 virtual meetings on
strategic diabetes topics, all collected on a restricted-access landing page.

Non chiamateli eroi is a campaign designed for diabetologists, promoted by a
leader in the healthcare and pharma industry, that tells the positive effects of
weekly insulin-based treatment in a new way, different from traditional drug
promotion campaigns.  The main character of the story is no longer the treatment
itself, but the subject shifts to a broader topic: the world of diabetology and
the challenges posed by the Covid-19 pandemic.  We explored this topic through a
series of interviews with a pool of diabetologists who worked in the emergency
period. From their story all the difficulties and critical issues they had to
overcome in order to assist their patients in such a critical period emerged. A
collection of heroic testimonies of extraordinary significance for patients
inspired the concept that revolves around the figure of the hero (Non chiamateli
eroi). We asked diabetologists to describe what scenarios and future solutions,
not just organizational but also therapeutic, would be desirable to improve and
simplify the lives of patients and to analyze the effectiveness of a product
such as weekly-dose insulin. The campaign consisted of a double interview with 2
Diabetology professors, 12 remote interviews with local doctors and a video
report.

An interactive eBook was born from their stories and 6 virtual meetings
dedicated to strategic topics for diabetology were carried out.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
