NOVARTIS INNOVATION CULTURE FACTORY, A CULTURAL CHANGE INNOVATION PATH

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

------------------------------------------------------------

Novartis Innovation Culture Factory, a cultural change innovation path

When it comes to having an impact and to innovating, culture is key and Novartis
is well aware of this.

Novartis Marketing Leukemia team asked our support to embrace change and improve
the way they learn and innovate.

We developed Novartis Innovation Culture Factory, a remote-only program aimed at
providing practical tools and supporting the team to design their own journey
towards innovation and change, starting from creating a common knowledge of the
principles of Organizational Design.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Novartis Innovation Culture Factory, a cultural change innovation path

The Leukemia Marketing team wants to embark on a journey of growth and cultural
change that empowers resources, strengthen skills, improves motivation, and
supports each member to adapt to change.

A three steps program aimed at supporting the team to identify key challenges
and create a concrete plan of actions based on the organizational design
principles.

The team identified 5 main areas of work, each of those became a laboratory of
work with a plan and a set of concrete actions designed by the team members that
have been assigned to each theme.

The Novartis Innovation Culture Factory is designed to reach actionable results
in a short period of time involving all team members. The program is made by
three main steps: 1. Understand: the program started with a listening phase. We
carried out interviews with all team members investigating pain points and best
practices. 2. Design: during two working sessions, we presented an introduction
on organizational design and the outcomes of the interviews that have been
analyzed highlighting relevant patterns and evidence. Eventually, the team
worked together in writing the organizational objective for the upcoming year
and identified 5 main themes to focus on. 3. Plan: during a closing working
session the team has been divided into smaller groups each one focusing on a
challenge (identified in step #2). We presented some experiments and possible
activities and supported each team to define an objective for the given area of
work, a set of activities with specific KPIs and resources, and an actionable
timeline. For each step of the way the group was pushed to discuss and express
their point of view, thanks to this approach the team resulted passionate and
highly involved in the process; each group of work will carry out autonomously
the selected activities and monitor results. The activities were held online
with the support of Miro and Microsoft Teams.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
