OFF-SITE MEETING TO FOSTER COLLABORATION IN THE NEW BUSINESS TEAM

------------------------------------------------------------

Off-Site Meeting to Foster Collaboration in the New Business Team

For an important client in the Pharma industry, we organized an off-site meeting
for the Patient & Healthcare Experience team. During the event, team members had
the opportunity to interact, get to know each other, and engage in crucial
discussions related to their work.

The main objective was to align the different sub-teams, identify communication
and collaboration needs, and foster synergies among the various work groups.

Throughout the three-day event, participants listened to vertical speeches and
engaged in co-design sessions.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Off-Site Meeting to Foster Collaboration in the New Business Team

Need to organize an off-site meeting for the newly formed team, aiming to foster
interaction among its members

A journey of active involvement: from getting to know each other to defining a
shared collaborative path for the entire team

3-day event: 40 participants, 4 vertical talks, defining opportunity areas to
shape the new organizational model

We actively engaged the Patient & Healthcare Experience team in a collaborative
journey, addressing various topics using a collaborative approach through
workshops, talks, and team-building activities in the H-FARM Campus. The
workshops facilitated collective understanding and definition of opportunities,
encouraging open discussions and co-design sessions. The talks provided
inspiration and strategic alignment, sharing successful case studies and
valuable knowledge for the entire team. We focused on internal and external
collaboration, exploring methodologies such as Service Design, Design Thinking,
Agile, and governance. We discussed the peculiarities of these methodologies,
key tools used, relevant contexts, and successful cases. After each talk,
participants were divided into mixed groups to share reflections and identify
the most relevant components of the methodologies for their daily work. We also
addressed the topic of governance, collaborating to develop an operational model
that supports different Business Units. In the end, each group presented their
process idea, gathering input from everyone. These ideas were subsequently used
to define a follow-up path in order to identify the team's new operational
model.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
