OFFICINA TECNOLOGICA, A TRAINING AND INSPIRATION PROGRAM

NOVARTIS

------------------------------------------------------------

Officina Tecnologica, a training and inspiration program

Novartis asked MAIZE for support in designing an inspirational training course
lasting around a year for 60 clinicians on the possible applications of new
technologies in treating people with sickle cell anaemia.

Thanks to MAIZE's experience in innovation, a 12-month path was defined that saw
the clinicians acquire new digital knowledge through inspiration, training, and
co-design activities.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Officina Tecnologica, a training and inspiration program

Novartis wanted to create an educational and inspirational pathway to support
around 60 clinicians in managing the sickle cell journey more innovatively.

The training course was divided into three stages: training, with the
contribution of PoliMi; inspiration, with the assistance of 3 start-ups; and
design of concrete solutions.

Six teams of doctors, each consisting of around ten clinicians, designed with
the support of MAIZE 6 innovative solutions to improve the care of people
suffering from sickle cell anaemia.

The process started with research by maize on the world of sickle cell anaemia.
Interviews were conducted with all relevant stakeholders, i.e., clinicians,
patients, cultural mediators, and caregivers, to draw up an insights report,
which was then shared with all participating clinicians, highlighting the
critical issues and areas of opportunity in the patient journey to date.

Following the research, the journey began for the 60 clinicians participating in
the program, which was divided into three main phases: 

Training. maize and Politecnico di Milano organized a training webinar on
emerging technologies in the medical field.

Inspiration. Clinicians participated in 3 inspirational pitches of start-ups
describing hospital use cases of their technologies.

Co-Design. The 60 doctors were divided into six teams. Thanks to the inspiration
and training phases and the facilitation of maize, each team designed six
innovative solutions to be disseminated in the medical-hospital environment. 

At the end of the course, each team described their innovative idea in a 5'
video shared with all participants and stakeholders of the program.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
