OLTRE.

CONVERSAZIONI SUL FUTURO. INVESCO ITALIA’S YEARBOOK

INVESCO ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

OLTRE.

Conversazioni sul futuro. Invesco Italia’s yearbook

Invesco is a leading investment management company. As an independent entity, it
is not tied to banks or insurance firms, and prides itself on taking particular
care of its investors and the support it gives its clients in the pursuit of
their financial goals.Invesco Italia asked us to create a company magazine,
designed for their top clients, to give them an authoritative point of view on
contemporary trends from an ample, multi-faceted, and innovation-driven
perspective.

INVESCO ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

OLTRE.

Conversazioni sul futuro. Invesco Italia’s yearbook

To create an informed and aware community around Invesco Italia and position the
client as a cultural entity capable of expressing its worldview.

An editorial project that collects orthogonal points of view and an outlet that
gives Invesco Italia an authoritative voice in its specific market area,
educating and stimulating the reader.

OLTRE. Conversazioni sul futuro, a yearly, monograph publication; a hybrid
between a magazine and a book, whose first issue explores the theme of the
metaverse.

OLTRE is the result of a project path divided into three phases.During the
concept phase, which took place over two days of co-design sessions to define —
together with Invesco — the project’s editorial identity, we tried to answer
some fundamental questions: why would an investment firm want to have a
magazine?, what are its goals?, who’s the target reader?, etc.Then came the
visual element, designed to agree on formal aspects of the magazine such as its
anatomy, format, pagination, the main sections, and the columns, so as to have a
prototype “number zero” of the magazine.In the last phase, dedicated to the
creation of the first actual issue, we defined a flatplan to put all the content
in order and help the reader navigate through the various facets of the
metaverse: columns, features, reportages, interviews, infographics and essays.
The joint team of MAIZE and Invesco Italia then proceeded to the writing stage:
some of the pieces were written by the team, some were delegated to third party
authors. Following the rules laid out during the design phase, the actual
physical product was laid out and printed, to then be distributed with the
masthead OLTRE and the title L’evoluzione di internet. Noi e il metaverso (The
evolution of the internet. Us and the metaverse).

INVESCO ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
