ON THE SAME PAGE: A PATH TO FOCUS ON THE FUTURE OF THE ORGANISATION

------------------------------------------------------------

On the same page: a path to focus on the future of the organisation

Rethinking one's organisational structure means doing a deep self-reflection and
understanding what actions and changes to pursue in order to position oneself in
an extremely fast-changing market.A path consisting of a listening and
exploration phase of the elements of the organisation, which we then put into
relation in order to map their interactions and impacts and return the crucial
junctions to activate a transformation of the operating system. All this was
subsequently translated into a practical roadmap.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Media and Entertainment • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

On the same page: a path to focus on the future of the organisation

Define an attractive and stimulating organisational structure for four new
management figures. Need for a change of mindset, corporate culture and a shared
vision.

A generative path that aims to support the company to define and visualise its
future, in a collaborative way together with its people.

A new identity, a map of systems and relationships to read the company, an
action plan complete with actions to be activated to design the future of the
organisation and position itself in the market.

A brief initially circumscribed to the recruitment of 4 new top management
figures, paved the way for a broader project path, to identify a new vision to
support a narrative more attractive to the market and internally consistent.The
path developed over 4 main phases, which followed an initial set-up with the
core project team: 1. LISTENING through 21 qualitative interviews with front
lines and key stakeholders of the team. We gathered present attention points and
future expectations and extracted concrete insights to rethink the
organisation's set-up and define its future vision. 2. We organised a co-design
workshop in which we recounted the insights that emerged through a SYSTEMS AND
RELATIONSHIP MAP highlighting the nodes preventing it from evolving. We then
enriched the interview material by mapping some key processes. We also worked on
the Manifesto of the company of the future, through the Golden Circle. 3) We
returned what had emerged from the listening and tuning phases by lining up the
development areas necessary to contribute to the organisation's new
positioning.4) The last phase saw a new moment of collaboration with the client
core team for the prioritisation of the project areas and their positioning in a
shared action plan.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Media and Entertainment • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
