ONLINE SERIES, A LUXURY COMPANY'S FIRST DIGITAL PRODUCT LAUNCH

------------------------------------------------------------

Online Series, a luxury company's first digital product launch

We supported the first fully digital product launch for a renowned Italian
luxury company — which is celebrated for high-quality materials and
craftsmanship and expert know-how.

We created a mini-site and communication campaign around a fluid and tangible
narrative flow, thanks to ad hoc 3D models and immersive images, which were
carefully selected to show the product from every angle and to guide the user
towards making a purchase.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Online Series, a luxury company's first digital product launch

Create an innovative product launch experience to generate curiosity among the
brand's best clients while also attracting new ones.

A mini-site supported by a communication campaign, designed for customers to
discover the features of a new limited-edition shoe and purchase it.

The initiative received positive feedback and the limited-edition pieces were
quickly sold out.

The brand decided to take advantage of 3D technology and design to reveal a new
limited-edition of one of its most iconic products through a digital launch,
with the goal to reach the widest possible audience of customers and users.
After a workshop to define the product’s identity and the storytelling strategy
for the project, we created a launch campaign and digital product discovery
experience. The reveal of the new limited edition footwear was anticipated by a
mystery teaser phase on the brand's website. 

Thanks to 3D technology and the launch’s story flow, the user could view the
product from every angle, discover its details and innovative features and
customize it before purchase. The dedicated mini-site was created using a fancy
scrolling approach: as the user scrolled down the webpage, product images came
alive to reveal every detail.

The brand used this opportunity to experiment with its first influencer
marketing campaign on Instagram, aimed specifically at a young target audience.
We supported the client in the creation of an email and SMS campaign directed to
existing customers.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
