OPEN INNOVATION PROGRAM TO EXPLORE STARTUPS AND TECHNOLOGIES IN THE LUXURY FIELD

------------------------------------------------------------

Open Innovation program to explore startups and technologies in the luxury field

A leading luxury retailer based in Italy launched two Innovation Exploration
projects in 2017 and 2018.

Each project was dedicated to the continuous exploration of innovation trends,
technologies, and business opportunities, with the objective to scout and test
groundbreaking technologies and innovative business approaches, to help the
client﻿ outsmart its competition and set the rules of the game for their
respective markets.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Open Innovation program to explore startups and technologies in the luxury field

Support our client to have a continuous flow of startups and emergent
technologies in key fields of interest. Introduce the client to relevant
startups and explore possible collaborations.

We structured a continuous exploration process with events dedicated to a
results presentation, followed by a pilot co-development with selected startups.

Scouting 5 areas of interest, with more than 400 ventures analyzed, 4 internal
working sessions with companies, 2 technology workshops, 2 pilots launched, and
1 startup with an ongoing collaboration.

The Open Innovation Program was structured in 2 cycles of Innovation Scouting:
the first focused on online innovation and in-store innovation. The second
focused on human-machine interaction and product and client tracking
technologies.

Prior to the Scouting phase launch, our team conducted an extensive analysis of
current trends and best practices in the fashion and luxury sector, as well as
in adjacent industries to perform competitive landscape mapping. Our team
analyzed the innovative practices of established incumbents and nascent
ventures, and subsequently identified, along with the client, the scouting areas
that matched their top strategic priorities. Each Innovation Scouting session
had an intensive phase dedicated to sourcing, analyzing, and evaluating startups
in priority business areas. We produced a scouting report for each brief that
was presented to our client which selected the most interesting companies for
them to consider.

We organized an Innovation Exploration event to introduce our client's top
management to the most interesting startups for them. After the event, 2
companies were selected to run a pilot project with our client teams, and 1
established a running collaboration. In the context of the second Innovation
Scouting event, we organized 2 technology workshops to deep dive into emerging
opportunities and with companies with internal and external experts.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
