OPEN INNOVATION ONBOARDING EVENT & CHALLENGE DEFINITION WORKSHOPS DEDICATED TO
C-LEVELS

------------------------------------------------------------

Open Innovation Onboarding Event & Challenge Definition Workshops dedicated to
C-Levels

The innovation team of a pharmaceutical company asked MAIZE to identify an
effective strategy to engage their international C-level executives from
different business units in order to introduce them to the key concepts of Open
Innovation and how it can support them in responding to concrete business
challenges.The MAIZE team designed and delivered an event and 3 workshops. The
event aimed to educate people on the key concepts of Open Innovation, while the
three workshops aimed to identify concrete opportunities where Open Innovation
can add value.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Open Innovation Onboarding Event & Challenge Definition Workshops dedicated to
C-Levels

The innovation team wanted to find an effective way to engage the organisation's
C-levels and make them aware of open innovation opportunities so they could use
it in their day-to-day business.

The MAIZE team designed, prepared the content and facilitated an event for 30
people and 3 workshops to identify different challenges that could be addressed
through Open Innovation activities.

30 C-Levels from 8 different international business units attended the event.
During the workshops, 3 business units defined 6 concrete challenges where Open
Innovation can deliver concrete results.

The innovation team of a pharmaceutical company asked MAIZE to find the best way
to engage the company's business units and promote Open Innovation as an
additional effective tool to respond to business challenges. Specifically, the
MAIZE team designed and facilitated:

An event that provided vertical training on Open Innovation and presented 8 use
cases on how other pharmaceutical companies use this methodology and the results
they achieved. During the event, two start-ups (growth stage) were involved to
share their experience of working in the pharmaceutical industry.

Three workshops in which 3 business units, supported by the MAIZE team, were
able to identify specific challenges or business opportunities to which specific
Open Innovation activities can effectively respond. Each business unit
identified two key challenges/opportunities and the best open innovation
approach to activate. With MAIZE's support, the business units defined an action
plan, expectations, KPIs and the associated timeline and budget.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
