OUTFIT SUGGESTER: AN APPLICATION OF DEEP LEARNING MODELS TO THE FASHION WORLD

OVS

------------------------------------------------------------

Outfit suggester: an application of Deep Learning models to the fashion world

In the fashion industry, consulting a product catalog or checking the
availability of a product in a store is a strategic way of contacting customers.
Image search can be a fundamental tool to allow users to access content in a
simpler and more effective way.

As part of the iMaterialist Challenge research and development initiative, we
implemented a system capable of classifying images of clothing and providing an
outfit suggestion to the user. The bot, through a PoC, was subsequently
presented to OVS.

OVS

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Outfit suggester: an application of Deep Learning models to the fashion world

An image classifier to be applied to an internal catalog of over 54000 products
and 133000 images that, starting from user input, was able to deliver products
of interest.

The suggester is able to dispense in response a series of outfits or products
similar to the one sent by the user, recognizing people's gender, colors and
even fabrics of the garments.

The PoC was submitted to OVS following an internal qualitative analysis that
showed satisfactory system accuracy. The bot is currently off and evolutions are
on standby.

Given the growing popularity of the e-commerce industry, having products in
photos automatically classified would solve a large amount of problems for
apparel retailers. However, automatic product recognition is difficult because
for the same product, a photo may be taken with different lighting, angles,
backgrounds, and occlusion levels. Many of today's generic recognition machines
simply cannot perceive these subtle differences between photos, yet these
differences could be important to purchase decisions.

Given the requirements, as part of the iMaterialist Challenge initiative, we
implemented a system that can provide outfits, based on user-submitted input
images. The bot has been developed by initially applying a Deep Learning model
to a dataset of images for gender and age identification; then a feature
exraction operation is performed on the OVS product catalog using Solr. The bot
was delivered on Telegram. For each proposed image, a satisfaction feedback of
the provided suggestion is requested, through which the system is able to
improve its performance.

The bot, after a qualitative analysis of satisfactory performance, was presented
to the client at the end of 2019. Evolutions have been defined, but are
currently on standby.

OVS

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
