PAPERLEAVES, A DIGITAL BUSINESS GAME TO EXPERIENCE THE STARTUP MINDSET

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

------------------------------------------------------------

Paperleaves, a digital business game to experience the startup mindset

Novartis Oncology, a business unit of Novartis Pharmaceutical, needed to expand
its mindset, fostering a more agile approach to everyday jobs.

They were looking for a mindset transformation process for their corporate
population, including organizational and geographical areas, to learn the
importance of being more alert to changes, reacting faster and embracing errors
as an essential part of improvement.

In this transformational journey, we designed and facilitated a 3-week digital
game, where employees could experience firsthand this kind of approach and
internalize its key learnings.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Paperleaves, a digital business game to experience the startup mindset

Teaching the typical startup mindset through an impactful experience, involving
mixed teams with people coming from different geographical areas who didn't know
each other, and keeping them engaged.

A digital game where each team stepped into a startup's shoes to deal with
changeable consumers and competitors, with one goal: be the market leader.

Registered employees were 220 - 290, divided in 40 teams. Actual active teams
were 36, with 2,116 paper leaves produced. Players felt involved and the NPS
(collection in progress) was 8.2.

Paperleaves is a digital business game with a formative goal: teach people how
to be more agile at work in an ever-changing scenario. Participants are divided
into teams of 5-6 people coming from different areas. Each team plays the role
of a startup and is guided by a given team leader. Members of each team must
organize and find the most efficient way to collaborate, also using digital
tools for remote communications. Startups are competitors and all of them
produce paper leaves, the latest eco-gadget trend. At the beginning of the game,
they have an initial budget to buy resources (paper, markers, scotch tape...)
and physically create paper leaves. Then, using an online platform, they have to
put them on sale, enriching the product with a good description. The market,
represented by game facilitators, decides whether or not to buy the offered
products, depending on objective criteria, unknown by startups. The faster teams
act (creating, putting them on sale, and failing), the more they can understand
market criteria, adjust production, and beat their competition. As in real life,
a single company's actions affect the external environment. In this case, they
generate a double impact: 1. An increased knowledge of new approaches,
emphasized by a physical installation, made of the created paper leaves, on
display at the company's headquarters. 2. A social cause: the quantity of
created leaves will be translated into an investment for the reforestation of a
Milan area.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
