PFIZER'S BREAST CANCER INNOVATION HUB TO IMPROVE PATIENTS' LIVES

PFIZER

------------------------------------------------------------

Pfizer's Breast Cancer Innovation Hub to improve patients' lives

Pfizer aims to improve the lives of patients with metastatic breast cancer.

In order to identify the areas of interest we involved 2 patient associations
(Incontra Donna and Europa Donna), the Aiom Foundation and the National Cancer
Institute, with which we conducted research activities, interviews and surveys.

Once we identified the areas of interest, we opened a Call for Startup involving
more than 90 European startups (3 were selected to start a dedicated PoC).

PFIZER

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Pfizer's Breast Cancer Innovation Hub to improve patients' lives

Identify the areas in which patients with metastatic breast cancer are less
supported and activate a startup scouting process with the aim of adopting
innovative solutions that have a positive impact.

A path with several phases: internal interviews and a questionnaire for
patients, co-design to identify opportunities, call for startups and
implementation of the identified solutions.

5 internal interviews with the Pfizer Team; 250+ patients responses to the
survey; 150+ startup scouted in 20+ countries; 96 startup applications; 23
startup presented; 3 startup PoC.

Pfizer aims to improve the lives of patients with metastatic breast cancer.
Breast Cancer Innovation Hub is the innovation hub that Pfizer has established
to identify patients' needs and select new solutions and technologies with which
to develop dedicated projects at the patients' service. The pathway saw the
active participation of a cross team within Pfizer and the involvement of 2
patient associations (Incontra Donna and Europa Donna), the Aiom Foundation and
the National Cancer Institute. The activities carried out to achieve the
objective of the project were: Research: 1-1 interviews within the Pfizer team
to address needs and wishes, an anonymous survey promoted by patient
associations and a research on healthcare trends. Brief definition: remote
workshop to identify areas of interest (Education, Workflow simplification,
Patient support). Call for Startup & Scouting: Call for Startup supported by an
active scouting activity open to all solutions in target with the brief (96
application). Selection & engagement: presentation of a shortlist of 23 startups
and selection of 8 startups through 1-1 meetings. PoC definition: identification
of 3 startups to start a dedicated PoC. The selected startups were: Popit, Vik
and Patient Journey App.

PFIZER

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
