PHARMAIDEA STRATEGIC PLAN

PHARMAIDEA

------------------------------------------------------------

Pharmaidea Strategic Plan

The client, a leading player in the pharmaceutical distribution market in Italy,
entrusted us with the development of a five-year strategic plan aimed at
designing ambitious initiatives capable of significantly expanding their current
core business. The goal was to deliver a concrete and actionable outcome. As a
result, three strategic initiatives were selected at the end of the project,
each with varying levels of complexity and accompanied by a detailed development
plan to guide their implementation.

PHARMAIDEA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Pharmaidea Strategic Plan

The client tasked us with developing a five-year strategic plan aimed at
designing ambitious initiatives capable of significantly expanding their current
core business.

Following a thorough analysis of the market and the client, we identified and
prioritized three key strategic initiatives, upon which we built a comprehensive
action plan.

Delivery of a complete strategic plan, including market analysis, company
diagnostics, and 27 strategic initiatives, 3 of which have a full development
plan

The project is structured into four main phases, aimed at defining and
implementing a strategic plan with concrete, actionable initiatives.

Framing: Analysis of the drivers of change and Pharmaidea’s current "as-is"
context to identify key priority areas.Market Opportunities: Collection of case
studies, interviews with experts and stakeholders, and quantitative analyses to
uncover market trends and opportunities, consolidated in a dedicated
workshop.Strategic Initiatives: Development, sizing, and prioritization of a
long list of strategic initiatives through a collaborative workshop.Strategic
Plan: Selection of the highest-priority initiatives and the creation of a
detailed strategic development plan to guide their implementation.

This comprehensive and integrated approach enabled the client to receive a final
deliverable that was both complete and of high strategic value. The document
went beyond providing detailed descriptions of the initiatives to be
implemented, offering clear and actionable guidance, and also delivered an in-
depth view of emerging trends and future market scenarios. This broader
perspective provided the client with a solid foundation for strategic decisions
in the short and medium term.

PHARMAIDEA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
