PIBIPLAST PRODUCT INNOVATION PROGRAM FOR COSMETICS AND MAKEUP

PIBIPLAST

------------------------------------------------------------

Pibiplast Product Innovation Program for cosmetics and makeup

Pibiplast, a leading Italian company in designing and manufacturing primary
packaging systems for cosmetics and make-up, has decided to review its approach
to innovation and start a new product design program.

From field research to rapid prototyping, we have supported Pibiplast in
understanding the needs and behaviors of end consumers and laid the foundations
for a new product development model guided by the principles of user-centered
design.

PIBIPLAST

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Pibiplast Product Innovation Program for cosmetics and makeup

Develop new products starting from the needs of end consumers and taking into
consideration the trends that define the world of cosmetics and make-up.

A product development program that starts from the identification and the
analysis of consumer needs, up to the development of two products through rapid
prototyping.

Report of the results of ethnographic research and trends that drive the
industry; 6 new product concepts, 2 of which are prototyped, patented  and shown
at Cosmoprof Bologna 2022.

The first phase of the project consisted of interviews with a heterogeneous
panel of final consumers on two product categories - skincare and mascara.
Ethnographic research - equally divided between Italy (face-to-face interviews)
and the United States (remote interviews) was accompanied by research on trends
and phenomena, aimed at identifying new opportunities within the market.

During the second phase we worked on the definition of different design briefs,
based on the evidence that emerged from the research.

After the selection of the most interesting design briefs, we then entered the
third phase, the most important, Fast Factory: an iterative process that
exploits the fundamental principles of rapid prototyping to develop innovative
products in a very short period - from 3 to 5 months depending on from product
ranges.

Including research, design, mock-up and rapid prototyping, Fast Factory involved
a dozen people from Pibiplast, including R&D and Marketing figures who
participated in various co-design moments sharing their know-how with the MAIZE
team.

The result was 6 extremely innovative product concepts; 2 of these were
prototyped and presented at the COSMOPROF Bologna 2022 trade fair.

PIBIPLAST

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
