PREDICTIVE AI AND SALES MONITORING FOR FASHION BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE

------------------------------------------------------------

Predictive AI and sales monitoring for fashion business intelligence

Sales data offer only a partial view of what's happening in the ever-changing
world of luxury fashion. Managing a worldwide network of stores implies
formulating correct sales forecasts and quickly identifying effects, sometimes
violent, due to external factors, such as weather conditions, word of mouth on
social media or events outside the business.

Made-in-Italy fashion professionals have turned to us with the goal of improving
forecasting and post-event responsiveness, trying to clarify unforeseen
situations.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Predictive AI and sales monitoring for fashion business intelligence

To improve the accuracy of World Wide store revenue forecasting by integrating
additional data sources external to the business unit.

We implemented a forecasting model that automatically identifies trends,
cyclicality and patterns from a store's sales data and provides an annual
forecast.

The solution provides a forecast of a store's turnover that is more accurate in
the short term due to the integration of weather data.

An Italian fashion house active in the high fashion sector needed a forecast
model that would allow to obtain an accurate prediction of the turnover of
several stores distributed all over the world; it was also essential to quickly
identify the effects, sometimes violent, of particular phenomena and improve the
post-event reactivity, trying to clarify anomalous situations.

The proposed system exploits Artificial Intelligence and a controlled process of
Data Fusion to automatically identify trends, cyclicality and patterns in the
sales data of each store, providing an annual forecast of the daily turnover,
which also takes into account the influence of external data on the single
store.

Through the Data Fusion process, new data sources external to the business are
fully integrated into an AI system; in a first phase the process and the
forecasting model have been applied to a limited number of stores (of a specific
macro-area). Then the system has been used on the entire network of World Wide
stores.

The analysis of external indicators, such as extreme weather phenomena or
information from news and social media, allows to explain abnormal sales
behaviors and make the short-term forecast more responsive.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
