PRELIOS, A HOLISTIC INNOVATION PROGRAM

------------------------------------------------------------

Prelios, a holistic innovation program

Prelios is a leader in Italy and Europe in alternative asset management and
specialised real estate services.The company, which arose from the ashes of the
former Pirelli RE and is now owned by a foreign fund, has seen stellar growth in
recent years, thanks in part to its entry into the credit and alternative asset
management sectors, which now place it among the largest players in Italy.  In
this context, the company has felt the need to leverage innovation to introduce
changes and transformation, with the aim of launching new revenue and business
models, impacting the way people work and ultimately impacting the company
valuation.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Prelios, a holistic innovation program

Enabling the company to identify and initiate new revenue and business models
internally and autonomously, change the way people work.

A holistic programme, ongoing for 24+ months, which supports the company
operationally, but also through the transfer of methodologies and skills, in
creating its own permanent innovation path.

Focused on 37 opportunities of which 14 were accelerated, 4 in the pilot phase
and 3 launched. Approximately 4,000 hours of voluntary training on innovation
and business design topics.

The innovation programme had 3 project strands with different objectives: SetUp:
Understanding the business and defining the management /Terms of Reference of
the innovation programme and its funnel (how to collect and process ideas,
stages, gates, restricted and extended committee members, roles,..). Execute:
The continuous process of collecting, focusing and evaluating/prioritising the
ideas and opportunities highlighted by the business. Ideas considered to have
high potential by the innovation committee, are then accelerated (i) directly by
H-FARM INN, (ii) by the business together with H-FARM INN, or (iii) internally
and autonomously by the business, with possible methodological and PMO support
from H-FARM INN. In addition to the ideas generated internally, H-FARM INN also
acts as an observatory, monitoring the emergence of new technologies, solutions,
trends that may be of interest to Prelios. Mobilise: interventions aimed at
putting Prelios people in a position to (pro)actively participate in the
innovation programme, which took the form in particular of

Specific training on lean startup and business design methodologies, through a
business game created ad hoc (200+ participants, 84% of participants rated 7-10
engagement)

Training and idea generation workshops on specific topics of interest to
Prelios, addressed to a selected audience

Wider training on topics of general interest, through H-FARM INN's proprietary
platform (maize.PLUS)

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
