PRESENTATION DESIGN BOOTCAMP, LEARN HOW TO CREATE ENGAGING PRESENTATIONS
(REMOTELY)

CATTOLICA

------------------------------------------------------------

Presentation Design Bootcamp, learn how to create engaging presentations
(remotely)

Gruppo Cattolica, one of the major players in the Italian insurance market,
needed to expand its training catalog, providing a course that would support its
employees in presenting projects and ideas through effective presentations. 

To support the client, we redesigned our Presentation Design Bootcamp to deliver
it remotely.

It is a course based on techniques and structured exercises that guide the
definition and organization of meaningful content to create effective and
engaging presentations.

CATTOLICA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Presentation Design Bootcamp, learn how to create engaging presentations
(remotely)

In 6 weeks, provide 45 employees with the methodological tools to independently
and effectively manage content and deliver a presentation.

Simultaneous delivery of 3 Presentation Design cycles, facilitated by reducing
the number of participants for each cycle, and dividing them into groups of no
more than 7 people, including mentors.

Each participant achieved results through practice, ending up with a completely
revised presentation and a new set of tools.

Presentation Design has a solid methodology, but it could have lost its
effectiveness without a move to digital. To design a fully remote experience, we
had to consider technological issues and the lack of in-presence interactions.

With this in mind, we redesigned the experience based on:

• A highly collaborative space, with a high level of sharing among participants.

• A common environment for all participants which stimulated discussions for the
groups in the same cycle (and not only limited to one's own group), and allowed
them to perceive the "presence" of others.

• A work environment without space constraints for the entire course without
losing focus.

• An interaction model that was simple for multiple users.

Furthermore, by reducing the number of participants for each cycle to 15, we
streamlined connection time and kept participant engagement levels high.

Two mentors for each group provided consistency for the mentor-group
relationship and allowed flexibility in the agenda.

CATTOLICA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
