PRICE BENCHMARKING & ANALYTICS FOR SALARY-BACKED LOANS

------------------------------------------------------------

Price Benchmarking & Analytics for Salary-backed Loans

The client, one of the main Italian players in consumer credit, asked for our
help with the goal of monitoring their price positioning against their
competitors’ in the salary-backed loans, a fast-expanding sector where the
competition moves aggressively.

Our solution is based on a dashboard where the client can monitor the pricing
data being gathered, receive alerts about moves from the competition, analyze
their price positioning and simulate pricing changes, receiving real-time
feedback on how positioning on online comparators would change.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Price Benchmarking & Analytics for Salary-backed Loans

Monitoring price positioning with respect to competitors in a comprehensive,
analytical and efficient way, as opposed to using a very limited number of
manual readings.

A Tableau Dashboard, fed by an analytics layer, where the client can monitor
their pricing positioning, receive alerts and simulate changes in their offer.

An automatized, interactive system that allows the client to elaborate their
pricing strategy in a data-driven way, with a comprehensive vision on where they
stand against the competition.

Salary-backed loans is a market where the offering is very diversified and the
price for the customer can depend on many factors: besides length and size of
the loan, variables such as age, contract seniority, working sector (e.g.
private, public or retirement) and type of contract also come into play.

Data is acquired through an automated tool (a "crawler") provided by an external
vendor, that gathers pricing data from the Prestitionline comparator: given the
many variables in play, it is necessary to rotate throughout the offering along
a period of time. We developed the optimal data gathering strategy based on
data-driven evidence and insights from the client’s domain experts.

We developed an analytics layer that computes various synthetic KPIs for
monitoring the market (e.g. by detecting which variables each player uses the
most to define the "shape" of their pricing model) and sends e-mail alerts about
pricing variations made by the competition.

Our solution is provided through a Tableau dashboard where the client can
explore the data being gathered, analyze monitoring KPIs, evaluate their price
positioning and simulate changes on their offer; the system provides real-time
feedback on the effect of such changes in terms of spread and where the company
would appear to a user in the ranking of results on the comparator.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
