PRICE OPTIMIZATION DASHBOARD FOR PERSONAL FINANCING

------------------------------------------------------------

Price optimization dashboard for personal financing

The Web, and particularly Comparators, are an important arena when it comes to
accessing credit. In order to remain competitive it is essential to constantly
monitor the competition, extracting unstructured information from the web and
creating predictive models.

An important player in the banking and finance sector asked us for help in
monitoring the market and providing a statistical basis on which to determine
its rates; in this way the company can develop an automatic pricing plan that
takes into account both human know-how and knowledge derived from machine
learning.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Price optimization dashboard for personal financing

Implementation of an interface that monitors competitors' prices on their web
pages or comparators on a daily basis in unstructured form and suggests an
optimized pricing strategy.

A forecasting model with a price monitoring and suggestion dashboard that
monitors the prices offered by competitors on a daily basis.

We provide an interface to monitor the price differential against the
competition and predict the number of contracts; we also estimate the optimal
price according to the objectives.

The client sells through several online channels and had evidence of correlation
between sales volumes and spread compared to as many as 10 relevant competitors;
moreover, prices, differentiated by amount, duration and purpose, split the
offer over hundreds of combinations. The client needed a tool to optimize the
pricing of loans that would allow, by exploiting Artificial Intelligence, to
make a reliable forecast on sales and provide indications on how to maximize the
price compatibly with the volumes to be achieved.

The first phase was based on the setup of crawlers, agents that interrogate and
collect data from comparator sites on a daily basis; then an algorithm was
implemented that uses this data and the spread over the competition as the main
variable for determining the number of sales (by channel and a given time
horizon) and the maximum feasible price to achieve target sales volumes.

The results of the algorithm were used to populate a data visualization
dashboard with the ability to apply filters and/or coefficients as needed to
process the forecasts; the adaptive component of the model automatically updates
the forecasts depending on the actions of the competition and suggests to the
business key moments at which to revise its pricing strategy.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
