"QUESTA È LA MIA STORIA", THE NEW AMBASSADORS OF CHANGE

------------------------------------------------------------

"Questa è la mia storia", the new ambassadors of change

Like tools for workers or frameworks for designers, the new Luxottica Intranet
must become an essential tool for all Luxottica employees in their daily
work."Questa è la mia storia" is an unconventional communication campaign
designed to engage the entire internal population in the launch of the new
Luxottica Intranet, articulated across digital and physical touchpoints.An
experience in which more than 6,000 people were involved as photographers,
storytellers, and actors, with the goal of becoming the new ambassadors of
change within the company.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

"Questa è la mia storia", the new ambassadors of change

Communicate the launch of the new intranet and encourage its adoption by
directly involving employees in offices, stores, and production plants.

A launch and adoption campaign aimed at the entire company population,
calibrating engagement levers to encourage people to explore the platform.

The campaign greatly exceeded expectations in terms of engagement, especially
among plant workers, and successfully recentralized the tool, streamlining
internal operations across the board.

The new intranet is designed not only as a communication space but as a true
digital workspace: it gathers services and tools useful for everyone's work and
professional life within the company.A space that gains value and meaning if
used constantly and therefore continuously updated.The goal of the launch
campaign is not only to spread the word and tell the story but also to promote
the adoption of the new platform. For this reason, from the launch phase, we
envisioned a phased journey that, through a contest, involved employees
directly, asking them to perform targeted actions on the platform, thus
exploring its different sections. "Questa è la mia storia" also aims to raise
awareness among people and amplify the sense of belonging to the corporate
community, elevating people’s stories as central communication contributions
related to the platform's sections. The stories became the main assets of
communication week after week. The campaign's effectiveness largely depended on
involving very diverse sectors of the population in this significant change,
within a highly differentiated and articulated corporate structure. For this
reason, we envisioned differentiated actions and forms of participation, but all
linked by a strongly characterized concept.Starting from Italian offices, the
campaign spread out to the United States and China.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
