RAGBOT INCENTIVES AND PRODUCT LAUNCH

------------------------------------------------------------

RagBot incentives and product launch

The project began with the creation of RagBot, an AI tool to answer questions
about eco-incentives and generate leads by connecting users with dealers.
Subsequently, the client also requested the development of a technical framework
for a specific use case, integrating product information and implementing
generative AI to enhance interaction and technical efficiency.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Automotive & Petrol • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

RagBot incentives and product launch

The client, a leader in the automotive sector, has asked us to develop an
Artificial Intelligence tool to enhance awareness of their products and generate
leads.

We proposed to the Client the creation of a hybrid-RAG system based on agents
and automata, designed to guide the user toward connecting with a dealer.

The hybrid approach ensures greater dynamism in the initial stages of the
conversation and increased precision in the final stages. The tool is currently
under evaluation by the Client.

The project is structured into two phases:

 PHASE 1: The Client was interested in developing an AI tool (RagBot) to support
activities related to Eco-incentives. The proposed project was well-received by
the CMO and led to suggestions for further enhancements in subsequent rollout
phases, with the goal of increasing product awareness and lead generation. The
AI tool was designed to initiate a conversation with the user to address their
questions about Eco-incentives and offer nurturing based on the information
provided by the user. ​The AI would conclude the interaction by suggesting an
action that connects the user with a Dealer (or an E-Seller contact, if
feasible).​

 PHASE 2: Implementation of a hybrid RAG chatbot (Agents + Automata) for lead
generation. The system uses an agent-based framework (LLM) to autonomously query
a structured database containing technical specifications of the car or a
collection of unstructured textual information if the user requests more general
information. In parallel, it collects the user’s preferences if expressed. If
the user wants more information about promotions or to contact a dealer, the
system automatically uses the automata component to guide the user toward
promotions (considering the preferences already shared) and suggests a dealer
contact.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Automotive & Petrol • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
