REDESIGN OF A CORPORATE WEBSITE THROUGH THE AGILE METHODOLOGY AND A USER CENTRIC
APPROACH

ITALGAS

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesign of a corporate website through the agile methodology and a user centric
approach

Italgas is an Italian company specialised in the distribution of natural gas
listed on the Milan Stock Exchange.

After a demerging strategy operated by Snam, Italgas needed to define its
digital identity as a way to improve its market positioning and, at the same
time, open up to the public while leveraging a stakeholder centric communicative
approach.

We supported Italgas in redefining and redesigning the entire corporate website
applying the agile methodology combined with a user-centric approach.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesign of a corporate website through the agile methodology and a user centric
approach

Redesign of Italgas corporate website with the objective of providing a closer
look at the company and the gas distribution business, while focusing on all its
stakeholders.

Design and development of a corporate website employing the agile methodology
combined with a user-centric approach.

In 2018, the website ranked among the top 10 Italian listed companies in terms
of digital transparency in communicating with their public (Webranking
research).

The website was developed using the agile methodology combined with a user-
centric approach. We started from the analysis of the communication needs
related to the different internal stakeholders (finance, investors, media and HR
business units) before redesigning the user experience of the website.

The application of the agile methodology and, in particular, the Scrum framework
allowed an effective and responsive collaboration within a mixed team formed by
the client, MAIZE and an external agency. Italgas remained in charge of
communication and marketing aspects, the external agency was responsible for the
production of content and we were handling the following PMO, art direction,
graphic design and development tasks.

We structured the project according to “sprints sessions” that included the
design, test and rollout of several sections of the website every two weeks.
This allowed the development of coherent minimum viable products and their
progressive improvement and implementation on the website.

As further support to the Scrum framework, we created a “design system” that
ensured the production of new pages and new templates in the shortest possible
time frame.

The website was developed through the OpenCMS platform and we are still
responsible for performing its creative and technical maintenance.

ITALGAS

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
