REDEFINING THE CUSTOMER JOURNEY THROUGH DESIGN THINKING

TECNICA GROUP

------------------------------------------------------------

Redefining the customer journey through Design Thinking

Tecnica Group, a leading company in the technical and sports equipment market,
has embarked on a transformation path focused on optimizing the end-user
experience, in a market where the influence of the dealer is predominant.

We have supported Tecnica Group in this path of re-designing a transformation
roadmap that combines quantitative and qualitative market research, trend
observation, and strategic vision.

TECNICA GROUP

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Redefining the customer journey through Design Thinking

Refocus the company on the needs of the end-user by innovating and optimizing
the Customer Experience and rebalancing the role of the brand with respect to
the importance of the dealer sales channel.

A transformation roadmap based on the Design Thinking methodology structured
from market research, experience mapping activities, and brainstorming sessions.

An innovation plan with initiatives impacting on the Customer Experience both
from a D2C perspective on the various target customer clusters and through the
dealer channel.

We supported Tecnica Group in redefining the customer journey by applying the
Design Thinking methodology.

Customer Journey Mapping: Analysis and process flow design of the interaction
between the customer and the company focus on pointing out pain-points, process
bugs, and improvement opportunities;

Context Analysis: an in-depth analysis of the technological and business trends
the can interact with the company business eco-system.

Customer Voice Analysis: Quali-quantitative researches (on-field and telephone
interviews and online surveys) carried out in order to portray and measure
opinions, expectations, preferences, and suggestions.

Personas Design: mixed approach, quantitative and qualitative, to define
archetypes representatives of key customer groups.

Evolution Roadmap Design: Merging all the outcomes from the other activities to
outline an evolutive business eco-system framework and related strategic and
tactical opportunities.

Priorities Matrix: Potential interventions identification and prioritization
with respect to a set of relevant drivers.

TECNICA GROUP

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
