REDEFINING GROUP STRATEGY AND ORGANIZATIONAL APPROACH

------------------------------------------------------------

Redefining group strategy and organizational approach

An important and historic Italian textile brand, supplier of most of the
international high fashion brands, needed to undertake the transition from a
traditional organizational model to a more managerial approach.

We supported them in the definition of a new strategic roadmap, driving several
innovation projects and a new B2B2C business model to experiment on the market.

The CEO and all C-level executives worked together in 3 days workshop, with a
new agile approach, breaking siloes and developing a common vision, rather than
the sum of several disjoint plans for each division.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Redefining group strategy and organizational approach

Ensure that the new management of the company, coming from external realities
and the historical management would converge on a clear and shared vision of the
group's future.

A 3-day collaborative work session consisting of speeches, inspirations, cases,
and practical work guided through a series of exercises.

Definition of a strategic masterplan of projects, activities and investments, an
execution roadmap and a shared budget for 2021.

The group, historically led by the founding family, is going through a period of
strong change and managerialization of its organizational model, to be ready to
face the new challenges that the textile market will present.

We were directly involved by the company's top management to design a moment of
exchange and reflection to focus on the group's strategic plan for the following
years, framing it in a new vision of innovation and change of business model.

The result was a 3-day work session in which 15 top managers of the company
participated, together with the CEO.

The working days saw the participants collaborate together to transform the
individual functional strategic plans into a single common masterplan, which
would make the most of synergies and give the right priority to the most
decisive work sites.

The practical sessions were interspersed with some inspirational speeches that
touched on organizational design themes, to challenge managers to work in a
different way than usual, abandoning the rigidity of functional silos, waterfall
plans, favoring more agile, more suitable approaches to plan the future by
facing the great load of uncertainty and ambiguity that characterizes it, in
order to be always ready to change course during construction without sinking.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
