REDESIGNING A CAREER AND COMPETENCE FRAMEWORK TO FOCUS ON HUMAN CAPABILITIES

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesigning a career and competence framework to focus on human capabilities

The HR team of a luxury brand needed to redesign their Job Book – a large
catalogue of the company's jobs, each listing tasks, technical skills, and other
job qualities.

Starting from the analysis of 6 innovative profiles, our client was looking to
hire roles (e.g. data scientists, community and social media managers) and
through research, we conceptualized and designed a new Career Management
Framework that shifted the perspective from the "technical" parts of the jobs to
the human capabilities that truly make a difference in today's landscape (from
fluidity to resilience).

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Redesigning a career and competence framework to focus on human capabilities

Rethink client's Job Book, a PDF catalogue of company's roles (from jewelry
makers to social media specialists), to make it easier to update and reflect on
the rapid evolution of skills and roles.

A flexible, data-enabled digital tool for jobs and career management, built on a
new competence framework that shifts the focus from tasks and technical skills
to human capabilities.

Platform concept and mockup; redefinition of 6 highly innovative sample profiles
(from data scientist to e-merchandiser) using the framework, with enthusiastic
feedback from hiring managers.

The HR organization team of a luxury brand asked us to analyze and revamp their
current Career Management Framework – a "job book" of 200+ pages detailing
tasks, accountabilities, technical and soft skills required for every job in the
company, organized by professional families (from supply chain to retail, from
communications to finance). The Job Book was used by our client as the starting
point for the definition of new job postings, as well as to promote internal
mobility opportunities, but the team felt the need to transform the tool in
light of today's skill gap and fast-changing talent needs.

For the pilot, we focused on 6 innovative profiles: Data scientist, data
engineer, community and social, digital content editor, E-merchandiser, and HR
digital transformation. We conducted an initial review of talent development and
reskilling literature, then conceptualized the "Impact & Capability" framework –
a competence model that clearly articulated the human capabilities required to
make an impact in today's complex landscape. We also interviewed managers and
conducted a benchmark analysis on the 6 profiles, to redefine them according to
the new framework. Finally, we built a concept (and mockup) for the new CMF: a
flexible, data-driven digital tool that would help our client identify, measure,
and nurture capabilities at scale across the organization (from recruiting to
talent development and internal mobility).

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
