REFLECTING AN EVOLVING ORGANISATIONAL CULTURE IN THE CURRENT OFFICE WORKSPACE

GUCCI

------------------------------------------------------------

Reflecting an evolving organisational culture in the current office workspace

Art Lab is the Gucci laboratory for in-house prototyping and sampling of all
leather goods and shoes, a futuristic centre of industrial craftsmanship and
experimentation. Active since 2018, it spans an area of over 37,000 square
meters and employs over 950 people. 

Wondering whether their current workspace layout actually reflects their unique
culture, Gucci executive team asked for our help in analysing and recommending
possible reorganisation solutions they can rapidly test in their offices in
order to support the shift in attitude and approach that has been exponentially
accelerated by the pandemic.

GUCCI

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Reflecting an evolving organisational culture in the current office workspace

Rethink workspaces to support a new progressive culture in which relationships
and working processes are redefined in order to reflect the evolutionary needs
of society, organisations, and individuals

A 2-month project including qualitative interviews and contextual observation,
the analysis of best practices from around the world, and the definition of
pilot initiatives to be implemented.

A set of insights and recommendations to define a roadmap of tangible actions
needed in order to transform an existing workplace in a way that is coherent
with values, culture and vision.

Although the workplace is not the only place that represents our work attitude
it is the first business card of our organisational culture, and with the
culture changes, inevitably also our space needs to change.

Through a collaborative process, we engaged with the extended operation team and
followed a journey that included 3 milestones: an external context analysis to
explore best-case scenarios from around the world, an internal context analysis
to investigate the nuances of an evolving working culture, and third phase which
puts all insights together offering some tangible recommendation for quick
implementation.

Our objective was not to define where to position the table or library, but to
extract the main features that enable and support a new design. We tackled some
questions around company values, the meaning of being a product-centric company,
the role of technology, the meaning of hybrid work, and evolving working
processes. 

The output was a structured document putting together the best case scenarios,
findings from our interviews, observations and study, and a set of
recommendations.

GUCCI

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
