RESEARCH AND CO-DESIGN SESSIONS TO MINIMIZE THE IMPACT OF PKU ON CHILDRENS'
LIVES

------------------------------------------------------------

Research and co-design sessions to minimize the impact of PKU on childrens'
lives

A reference company in nutritional therapy wanted to increase the dialogue with
consumers of Phenylketonuria (PKU) products. 

We designed a path to understand the point of view of children and families
throughout the patient journey related to the PKU disease, to identify when the
system can be improved, to minimize the impact of the disease, and maximize the
therapeutic outcome.

We identified implementable solutions and opened up new perspectives for the
company's business.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Research and co-design sessions to minimize the impact of PKU on childrens'
lives

To create awareness about a niche context and a specific target group, in
particular with respect to the needs and constraints of PKU children and their
caregivers.

A 2-step process: field research with patients and their families, co-design
workshop with the company's core team to identify possible scenarios to
implement.

Design of new scenarios with short-term initiatives and high-impact solutions, a
development roadmap and an analysis of possible synergies between the proposed
actions.

Through the Design Thinking methodology, we defined future scenarios and
evaluated the main directions.

A fundamental part of the path was the field research: 10 interviews conducted
directly with patients (4-18 years old) and with their families. The patient
journey that emerged became the discussion map for the co-design and scenario
identification phase. At the end of the journey, we identified 3 macro-projects:
parent-child communication, product procurement logistics, education of
teenagers on issues concerning the interaction of the pathology on the social
context. 

The result of the work was a map to identify the type of impact generated by the
different developed solutions.

The new scenarios and quick win interventions identified during the workshop
were analyzed considering 2 main axes: the ability of the solution to generate
value for patients and families and for all other stakeholders involved in PKU
therapy; the potential impact of the solution in terms of business prospects for
the company and added value for the brand.

We defined a development roadmap for each initiative, considering available
external and internal resources and possible synergies.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
