RETAIL ANALYTICS, THE SECRET WEAPON POWERING THE STORE OF THE FUTURE

------------------------------------------------------------

Retail analytics, the secret weapon powering the store of the future

The client, an important Italian retailer focused on urban sportswear, wanted to
improve their retail conversion rate.

To achieve this objective, the company was looking for technologies able to
profile current and potential in-store customers and their behavior to uncover
useful data to be leveraged to frame new marketing strategies to better target
this pool of potential spenders. 

We designed and executed an open innovation program: we performed desk research,
defined the innovation perimeter, and analyzed over 60 ventures to select the
best 4 solutions for the proof of concept.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Retail analytics, the secret weapon powering the store of the future

Enrich and optimize the in-store customer data collection and analysis to
understand their behavior and profile, and, consequently to power data-driven
marketing strategies.

Desk research and an open innovation program to scout, select and engage the
innovative ventures able to capture, enrich and analyze in-store visitors'
traffic, behavioral and demographic data.

Competitive landscape and the technologies limitations analysis to define the
most prominent solutions. +60 ventures scouted and the 4 most promising ones
selected for the potential proof of concept.

The client approached with a well-defined pain-point: its conversion rate – the
ratio of customers who come into a store to people who leave with a purchase –
was significantly lower, compared to competitors.

The retailer was consequently looking for solutions that would allow
understanding more about the in-store visitors' profile and behavior to
understand the reason behind their purchase or purchase abandonment decisions,
like "real-life cookies".We started with the analysis of the market landscape
and the selection of the optimal technology (Wi-Fi, video, Bluetooth, etc.),
considering the opportunities and limitations of each solution. Once the
innovation perimeter was defined, we focused on the range of innovative features
that the ventures were offering: precision levels, external data integration
(including but not limited to PoS data, weather, marketing, staffing system),
staff exclusion, etc. – to make sure that the venture selected are future proof.

Overall more than 60 ventures (from early to late-stage, worldwide) were
scouted, 15 were longlisted, and – following a selection process – only 4 were
shortlisted and invited to submit the proof of concept proposals to the client.
The program finalist will test their technology in 2 stores as a proof of
concept and, should the KPIs be met – will have the opportunity to proceed to a
full solution roll-out in a range of stores.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Fashion and Apparel • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
