RETHINKING THE DISTRIBUTION MODEL: A DATA-DRIVEN PARTNERSHIP APPROACH

------------------------------------------------------------

Rethinking the distribution model: a data-driven partnership approach

Today, insurance companies strongly rely on affinity partners (i.e. banks,
travel agencies, etc.) to increase their top line and differentiate their
business, by distributing products through multiple channels. 

The client, a leading insurance company operating globally in more than 210
countries, asked us to challenge this distribution model, which was still
effective but static and undifferentiated, by ideating a new data-driven
partnership approach, in order to associate with each channel only products and
services that fit within the target reached.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Rethinking the distribution model: a data-driven partnership approach

Explore new opportunities to improve our client's current distribution model by
leveraging on data and long-standing partnership.

A new distribution model based on the partner’s data analysis and insights, that
allowed our client to detect the best insurance proposition and distribute it in
real-time through partner’s channels.

A brand new insurance distribution value proposition in 3 strategic industries,
also supported by a set of use cases, a first business opportunity evaluation,
and a tech capabilities framework.

Context analysis - The project started with an analysis of different industries,
through which insurance companies distribute their products, to detect the ones
with higher value in terms of data richness, insurance affinity and distribution
fit. At the end of this process, only Challengers Banks, Telco, and Hypermarkets
were selected. Value proposition definition - In this phase we structured a
complete and new value proposition to improve the actual distribution model. The
base of the new value proposition was data sharing among partners, in order to
detect segments of customers with contextual risk opportunity and target them
with the most effective insurance proposition. Economic and technological
validation -  After consolidating value proposition with the client internal
team, two different assessments validated the entire structure:

an economic assessment led by us through a revenue and market sizing model

a technological assessment of the required capabilities conducted together with
the ICT department

﻿Test and pitch - The purpose of the last part of the project was to test the
entire value proposition, by crunching the data of an open database. Finally, we
supported the client team in the preparation and pitch of the value proposition
in front of two potential partners.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
