RETHINK DRUGSTORES COMMUNICATION TOOLS AND DEVELOP A CONCEPT FOR THE LEAFLET OF
THE FUTURE

HENKEL

------------------------------------------------------------

Rethink drugstores communication tools and develop a concept for the leaflet of
the future

Rossmann, one of Henkel Beauty’s target drugstore clients, and the price leader
in its sector, is highly dependent on its paper leaflet as the main
communication tool for in-store offers, promotions, and campaigns.

Changes in consumers' socio-cultural behaviors — like the lack of interest in
paper leaflets by the younger U30 generation and German households' increased
aversion for advertising by mail, challenged Rossmann to rethink their main
communication tool.

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Rethink drugstores communication tools and develop a concept for the leaflet of
the future

Identify startups to present to Henkel's drugstore clients (the first being
Rossmann), and help to rethink the printed leaflet to meet the demanding
expectations of a changing customer base.

Concept development workshop, leveraging insights from employees’ interviews,
trend research, and startup scouting. Based on the generated concept, selected
startups to present to Rossmann.

Five Rossmann employees interviewed, five trends identified, and 29 startups
presented, two ideas generated, and four startups selected and presented to
Rossmann.

Interviews with Rossmann employees were conducted in parallel with trend and
startup scouting research. Though Rossmann has one of the most successful retail
apps in Germany, they still heavily rely on a printed leaflet. The research,
therefore, focused on enabling technologies that could enhance the printed
leaflet, the pdf leaflet, and the existing app.

Interviews and research were presented to Henkel’s Beauty team which, during the
concept development workshop, leveraged insights and information to brainstorm
several ideas and develop a concept for the leaflet of the future.

Two concepts were presented to Rossmann together with four startups that could
help them to progressively migrate the paper leaflet to a more appealing and
digital solution. 

The first concept was "The digital shopping assistant" and the presented
startups were: Flipsnack and Styla for an interactive PDF leaflet and Rezolve
for an interactive paper leaflet. The second concept was "Shopping as a
personalized experience" with Segmentify, which personalized in-app
notifications to incentivize purchases. Rossmann was working on the integration
of Rezolve into their current app. Henkel presented these solutions to other
drugstore clients and more partnerships may be developed in the future!

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
