RETHINKING NOKIA'S WORKPLACE EXPERIENCE AND SPACE THROUGH DESIGN THINKING

SODEXO

------------------------------------------------------------

Rethinking Nokia's workplace experience and space through Design Thinking

Sodexo, a multinational company operating in the business services sector, asked
us to support an experience design project to redesign its spaces and services
for Nokia Vimercate headquarters to improve employee experiences and the quality
of time spent at work.

Thanks to our experience with Design Thinking and Human Centered Design, we
helped Sodexo and Nokia in a co-design path structured in 3 phases: research,
idea generation, and new scenarios implementation.

SODEXO

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------

Rethinking Nokia's workplace experience and space through Design Thinking

Identify a series of intervention areas in Nokia's workplace with the aim of
redefining new experience, spaces and services for employees﻿ that fit their
aspirations.

A first insights phase with interviews and analysis, a creation phase with an
idea generation workshop with Nokia and Sodexo, and a third phase to implement
the 4 final scenarios.

Definition of a strategic direction with the development of 4 scenarios, mapped
with respect to the "quality dimensions" and tensions defined by Sodexo.

In order to achieve the set goals, we conducted 2 types of user research
activities.

INTERVIEWS: We interviewed about 15 people with the aim of observing users
experiencing the Nokia context and intercepting new opportunities and solutions.

SHADOWING: We observed people's work to identify recurring behavioral patterns.

All the collected insights were used to develop archetypes, to map spaces and
associated needs, and to define 4 briefs, one for each archetype.

All the analysis material was shared during a brainstorming day with 20 Nokia
employees and the Sodexo core team, where we designed 4 new scenarios.

During the last design phase we then detailed and developed each scenario,
including feasibility study, business impact and end-user desirability.

All initiatives, services and new spaces collected within the scenarios were
mapped according to the analysis tools used by Sodexo and in particular
according to the "Sodexo quality of life dimensions".

SODEXO

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Transportation and Mobility • 2017

------------------------------------------------------------
