RUNWAY, AN ONBOARDING PLATFORM FOR NEW SALES ASSISTANTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Runway, an onboarding platform for new sales assistants

A brand of the world leader in eyewear retail asked us to help rethink its
onboarding path dedicated to its sales force, designing a more immediate and
functional learning experience.

We supported the client in the definition of this new approach by creating an
app that worked as a useful and engaging tool.

Through the app, employees could receive the right information at the right time
along the onboarding path.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------

Runway, an onboarding platform for new sales assistants

To train a new employee quickly and effectively, providing the right way at the
right time, with information related to sales techniques, brand history,
logistics, team management, and point of sale.

A training path designed starting from the needs of new employees, collecting
all the content related to specific topics and macro-areas, which were easily
accessible on a tablet.

Several learning paths dedicated to specific roles were created. All the
existing content was reorganized into effective modules with 3 levels of depth,
enriched by videos and quizzes.

The initial period in a new company is as exciting as all new beginnings can be,
but it is also extremely delicate: newbies find themselves immersed in a brand
new, ever-evolving world. Fruition time and modalities largely depend on the
learning process.

The app we designed is a personal induction platform supporting newbies
throughout the whole onboarding process. Day after day, it provides onboarders
with pieces of corporate knowledge that vary depending on prerequisites,
relevance, and roles.

Content organization: information and materials are delivered in different
moments of the personal learning journey according to their relevance, depending
on the country, their stage in the onboarding experience, and the user profile.

Check points: every test area contains a series of questions, quizzes, and games
about the contents of the related module. When users complete a module, their
store manager is informed about the newbie's progress through a notification
system.

Different experience: depending on the role, employees can experience the app in
a different way. For example, store managers can track the progress of their
associates and consult additional materials such as a reporting tool. Seasonal
employees can access only the basic and essential content in a short time.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------
