SANOFI PATHS: A MARKETING CLOUD TRAINING COURSE

SANOFI

------------------------------------------------------------

Sanofi Paths: a Marketing Cloud training course

Jakala requested our support in delivering a training course on the use of the
Marketing Cloud to the Sanofi population. The course participants need to be
engaged throughout the program, through the use of attractive dynamics and
communication initiatives.

SANOFI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Sanofi Paths: a Marketing Cloud training course

Support Jakala in delivering a Marketing Cloud training course with the aim of
keeping participant engagement high.

Sanofi Paths - Dive Into Marketing Cloud, training program with 5 classes of 2
hours each, with ad hoc visual identity, periodic newsletters, quizzes and
exercises, certificate of participation.

Quizzes and exercises made it easier and more impactful for participants to
learn content, keeping their engagement level high.

The training was delivered by a Jakala trainer, according to a schedule of 5
lessons every two months of 2 hours each, with 2 slots available per week to
allow flexibility in following the course. For the course - called Sanofi Paths,
Dive Into Marketing Cloud - we exclusively designed the visual identity, which
was then used on all assets (ppt template, poster, newsletter, badges,
certificates, quizzes).Sanofi Paths was launched with a manifesto outlining the
course schedule. Before each course, participants received a newsletter
containing the following information:

A preview of the content

Suggested reading

Practical cases for daily use 

Technical information about the lesson (date, time, zoom link)

Each lesson was recorded so that participants could access it at any time.We
designed the interaction between participants and the trainer to alternate
between face-to-face training and lighter moments. We prepared quizzes and
exercises on the topic of the lecture, with the dual purpose of keeping the
participants' attention high and measuring the effectiveness of the content
delivered. At the end of the course, participants received a certificate and a
badge in recognition of their participation.

SANOFI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
