SCOUTING INNOVATIVE VENTURES DEALING WITH 5G TECHNOLOGY

VODAFONE

------------------------------------------------------------

Scouting innovative ventures dealing with 5G technology

In 2018, Vodafone launched Action for 5G, a 4-year program aiming at investing
€2.5 million/year in Italian startups, SMEs, and social enterprises that deal
with innovative solutions related to the 5G technology. In particular, the
company aims at rewarding innovations that are synergic to its strategy in
relation to the development of high-priority sectors, such as automotive,
education, energy e smart grid, entertainment e gaming, healthcare, logistics,
retail e manufacturing, surveillance and security, tourism, wellbeing and sport
tech. During 5 editions, we supported Vodafone in scouting, selecting, and
contacting the best ventures eligible for this program.

VODAFONE

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Scouting innovative ventures dealing with 5G technology

Identify the best ventures eligible for the program and support their
application

Design and execution of a scouting project encompassing 3 main
phases: active research and analysis, screening and selection, engagement and
support to the program application

Collection of information regarding more than 400 Italian ventures that
developed innovative solutions related to the 5G technology

Through the Action for 5G program, Vodafone aimed at stimulating and supporting
the development of innovative projects that rely on the 5G technology as part of
their distinctive competitive advantage.

For 5 consecutive years, we supported the client in scouting, selecting, and
contacting the best ventures eligible for this program. Our approach consisted
of a project structured according to 3 main phases:

Scouting & analysis: an active scouting activity performed across open source
and proprietary platforms, innovation events and our startup network.

Survey & follow-up meetings: delivery of a preliminary survey to screen out
those ventures not in line with the program, followed by the arrangement of
meetings with those companies that made it to the next stage. The purpose of
this activity was to establish a trustful relationship and gather more details
on the distinctive elements of their solutions.

Engagement: provide support to the selected ventures during their application
process to the program and invite them to take part in several innovation events
organized by Vodafone.

During one of the editions, we also performed a due diligence investigation on
the selected ventures.

VODAFONE

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
