SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION IN THE HEALTHCARE DOMAIN

ESMO

------------------------------------------------------------

Search engine optimization in the healthcare domain

In a context of improving the experience of its users, ESMO needs the expertise
of Jakala's Search Engine team to optimize the performance of a search engine on
its site. The defined project plan includes support from an initial assessment,
with investigation of the content model to be addressed and the ranking side
desiderata, to a technological optimization supported by the Jakala framework
for implementing semantic search engines, CELI.search. The current project
precedes a series of evolutions agreed upon in later phases, such as enabling a
new search profile and video search.

ESMO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

Search engine optimization in the healthcare domain

Improve the search engine on the client's site by activating an effective
solution that enables progressive optimization and sophistication.

A semantic search engine on multiple search profiles (ESMO and Oncology Pro),
with document base and custom content ranking.

In the first phase of the project, the engine's performance qualitatively
exceeded that of the previous service, enabling the next phases of project
evolution.

ESMO, the European Society for Medical Oncology, needs to improve the user
experience on its site, and a planned intervention concerns the optimization of
a preexisting search engine, to which semantic search logic should be grafted.
The intervention should be operated on two search profiles: ESMO, aimed at
generalist users, and Oncology Pro, aimed instead at medical specialists. For
the two profiles, the appropriate content model and custom ranking rules that
determine the sorting of results in the SERP should also be identified. The
project plan included support for the client at all stages of the project. In
the initial assessment phase, we analyzed the content model and the desired
ranking. Next, we implemented the technological solution based on the Jakala
CELI.search framework. Finally, we provided support during the testing phase for
fine-tuning the expansion of concepts in the medical domain, with the goal of
activating semantic logic and improving ranking.At the end of 4 waves of
testing, initially on Jakala front end and in the last phase on ESMO interface,
the qualitative perception of search was evaluated as positive, in fact enabling
the engine evolutions, such as searching in videos and enabling a new search
profile.

ESMO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Healthcare and Pharma • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
