SEMANTIC SEARCH ENGINE FOR BIG KNOWLEDGE BASES

AGOS DUCATO

------------------------------------------------------------

Semantic search engine for big knowledge bases

Corporate KBs often include documents of considerable size. Knowing that the
information is within a 200-page document makes it difficult to quickly locate
the portion of the document containing the relevant data.

Agos Ducato asked us for a semantic search engine to facilitate the use of
information in this type of data source. The proposed system allows to search in
natural language or through keywords information present in the company
documentation. The list of results integrates thumbnails of individual pages and
allows to highlight the information searched within the document itself.

AGOS DUCATO

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Semantic search engine for big knowledge bases

A tool that would make it easier to find relevant information within a corporate
knowledge base composed of documents of significant size (about 200 pages).

A semantic search engine, through a PoC, capable of extracting and highlighting
relevant information within large documents, with preview of the results
obtained.

The engine significantly improves information searchability and features a back
office for configuration setup and a dashboard for monitoring analytics and
reporting.

CELI.search is a semantic search engine based on ontologies, specialized in
semantic analysis for the interpretation of information contained in free texts
and in the classification of documents. The product integrates an engine that
provides a valid support for both the classification of texts and the navigation
of knowledge bases, using proprietary resources.

Agos Ducato asked us, through a PoC, for a semantic search engine capable of
extracting information within large documents (up to 200 pages). We realized a
system that, thanks to the reliability of Solr technology, allows to have a
single point of access to information; to perform semantic searches both in
natural language, exploiting the integrated linguistic analysis pipeline, and
through keywords; to obtain an intelligent searchability with an autocomplete
function that proposes the most frequent queries; to provide results in a clear
way, thanks to the integration of page thumbnails.

In addition to an innovative UX aimed at the user, the proposed solution is
easily maintainable by the customer, since it is equipped with a back office
that makes it possible to configure and monitor the functionality of the engine.
Finally, the platform offers an analytics monitoring dashboard that helps to
investigate more frequent searches or more clicked documents.

AGOS DUCATO

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
