SENSORIUM, AN INTERACTIVE AND EXPERIENTIAL EXHIBITION

GUCCI

------------------------------------------------------------

Sensorium, an interactive and experiential exhibition

The European Innovation Festival organized by Fast Company and promoted by Gucci
posed seminal questions about the future of society and explored possible
answers with innovators, historians, communicators, doctors, and artists.

On this occasion, Gucci asked us to build an experience to investigate the
(blurred) borders between artificial intelligence and (enhanced) human skills.
We responded by focusing on emotions.

Sensorium was thus born: an interactive environment made of six installations
dedicated to specific supersenses and designed together with selected artists
and startups.

GUCCI

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Sensorium, an interactive and experiential exhibition

Create a collateral moment within the European Innovation Festival in which to
showcase startups and innovative technologies in an alternative way.

Structure the showcase as a real immersive, museum exhibitions where artists and
startups have been engaged to showcase their works meanwhile our team played a
role as artistic curator.

300sqm of immersive experience, 8 international Artist/ Collective engaged, 6
interactive installations created, +400 guest hosted.

To develop the concept, we started from some inspirational concepts: Machine
Learning has gained the ability to perceive human emotions; Computers will soon
be able to simulate the activity of a human brain. In the near future,
artificial super-intelligence is expected to become much more capable and
versatile than humans. But human senses and emotions are an unbridgeable
frontier, a frontier that separates mankind from even the most intelligent
machine, unable to experience the full range of people's feelings.

Sensorium was an emotional investigation of this border. A journey in the realm
of the human Supersenses where experiences were created using advanced
technologies and innovative solutions to express and amplify emotions. 

Through meticulous research and study of AI technologies and human emotions, the
team was able to come up with a unique concept and design an interactive
experience suitable for the conference and its theme.

Through collaboration with startups and an experienced production company, a
600sqm space was set up as a dark and mesmerizing emotional chamber, where
participants were able to explore six different areas focusing on emotions like
Love, Fear, Wonder, Excitement, Deja Vu, and Empathy.

GUCCI

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
