SHARE THE BANK, PERSONAL BRANDING AND SOCIAL LITERACY FOR THE SALES NETWORK

MEDIOLANUM

------------------------------------------------------------

Share the Bank, Personal Branding and Social Literacy for the Sales Network

Banca Mediolanum is an Italian bank, insurance, and asset management
conglomerate which is the parent company of Gruppo Mediolanum.

Mediolanum has always been active in identifying new training methods to grow
its sales network and change the company's mindset.

The primary objective of the course was to rethink Family Bankers' training on
the use of social networks and spread awareness on the impact they have on the
brand, and the right behavior, and tone of voice one must have when online, in
compliance with corporate values and guidelines.

MEDIOLANUM

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Share the Bank, Personal Branding and Social Literacy for the Sales Network

Mediolanum wanted to redesign its training path on the use of social networks to
help Family Bankers learn how to correctly take advantage of the market
opportunities made possible by these channels.

A digital and interactive learning path. Smart and engaging, the course was
divided into modules and ended with a test. The path was supported by a
communication campaign.

The digitalization of what was once a classroom course made it possible to reach
a wider audience within the sales network, creating awareness and engagement on
continuous learning.

The Family Banker is the first reference for the client, a professional with
complete competence, who is able to advise clients in all of their financial
needs. In a world increasingly dominated by online and social communication,
Mediolanum felt that it was necessary to teach its family bankers' network how
to use social media in compliance with the brand. The project started with an
internal communication campaign to engage people to participate in the training
path. The second step was an assessment phase to evaluate users' digital and
social literacy. Based on assessment results, users had access to the digital
learning path at different levels. Each level unlocked access to the next one
and allowed the user to earn a badge. The contents of the course ranged from
presenting the main social networks and the importance of their use as digital
marketing tools, to learning personal branding techniques. Once completed, users
received a personalized Social Driving License and had access to a Facebook
Group where they could chat with other Family Bankers, meet a mentor (a social
trainer, the Group Community Manager), and experience an ad hoc editorial plan
with training segments, tasks, and small daily exercises on topics from “How to
correctly create a Facebook post” to “What are the latest Instagram trends” to
“Tips for a perfect LinkedIn bio.”

The project was renewed for four editions and achieved excellent engagement
results.

MEDIOLANUM

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
