SISBOT, B2B2C CUSTOMER SERVICE AUTOMATION

SISTEMI

------------------------------------------------------------

SisBot, B2B2C Customer Service Automation

Sistemi, an Italian company that produces software for professionals and
businesses, needed to support small companies and trade associations on the
issue of electronic invoicing.

We proposed a virtual assistant that allows to automatically manage customer
requests, avoiding overloading accountants and customer care.

The technology adopted to implement the bot includes the use of a rule-based
approach and a proprietary Machine Learning algorithm.

SISTEMI

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

SisBot, B2B2C Customer Service Automation

To inject into the virtual assistant a knowledge base of over three hundred
FAQs, already prepared by the support center for accountants.

SisBot, a chatbot made available exclusively to users authenticated in the
platform on which the service is delivered.

Since the chatbot went into the production phase at the end of 2019, we have
recorded over 130K unique users and verified an 80% accuracy of responses
provided to the customer.

The introduction of e-invoicing in January 2019 impacted over five million
private entities. Micro-businesses and trade associations needed to receive
support on many similar doubts among themselves, overloading their accountants.

To overcome this problem, Sistemi, a software house that provides assistance to
accountants and small businesses, asked us to implement a virtual assistant that
could automatically handle user requests.

The SisBot chatbot was implemented starting from over three hundred FAQs,
already prepared by the support center for accountants. The questions answered
by the bot are both of normative nature and related to the management
application. The chatbot is made available exclusively to users authenticated on
the platform on which the service is provided.

The solution allows questions to be monitored, analytics to be viewed and
answers to be modified autonomously, without intervention by the solution
provider. The solution also relieves accountants from having to answer their
clients' frequently asked questions.

SISTEMI

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
