SLACK INSIGHTS: A DATA-DRIVEN ANALYSIS OF A WORK TEAM'S EMOTIONAL STATUS USING
AI

MAIZE

------------------------------------------------------------

Slack Insights: a data-driven analysis of a work team's emotional status using
AI

The massive introduction of smart working has meant the intensification of the
use of corporate social networks (Slack, Microsoft Teams, etc.) and therefore
the disappearance of all those situations in presence for which it was possible
to perceive the mood and the states of mind of colleagues.

To overcome this lack, in an R&D context, we performed a data-driven analysis of
anonymized messages from 4 manually validated Slack channels and identified with
AI work-specific emotions, then cross-referenced with project events. The
results of the analysis were graphically represented with ad-hoc designed
charts.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

2

Crew 2021 • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Slack Insights: a data-driven analysis of a work team's emotional status using
AI

Create a dashboard to graphically represent the general mood of a team in a
Slack channel and cross-reference it with a project timeline (kickoffs,
deadlines, deliverables).

Data-driven analysis and validation of a sample of messages taken from 4 Slack
channels, training of a neural network for deriving emotion identification and
production of infographics and KPIs.

Design and implementation of charts that allow you to graphically monitor the
results of the analysis, with a focus on the progress of a project and the
identification of any moments of difficulty.

We've become increasingly accustomed to working remotely since the pandemic
legitimized this mode of collaboration. It's not easy to have the situation
under control, when several useful information about the emotional state of a
work team are hardly accessible in the corporate instant messaging channels.

Hence, in an R&D context, we had the idea to use our expertise in analyzing
linguistic-numerical data with AI, putting it at the service of work teams in
order to detect emotions related to working conditions (e.g. enthusiasm, stress,
calm, dissatisfaction, etc.) and monitor their evolution over time. The KPI
extracted by the tool allows project managers to detect emotional distress and
enhance the team cohesion. Our final objective was to create a dashboard to
represent the general mood of a channel and cross it with the timeline of a
project (kickoff, deadlines, deliveries).

We therefore performed a data-driven analysis and validation of a sample of
messages taken from 4 Slack channels, trained a neural network to recognize the
resulting emotions (frustration, anxiety, stall, enthusiasm, serenity, empathy)
and operated the results graphically through ad-hoc implemented infographics.

We learned that the timeliness of having some aggregate information is of great
help in managing projects remotely and with tight schedules.

MAIZE

CASE STUDY

3

Crew 2021 • Internal • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
