SMART HOME APPLIANCES: WASHING MACHINE WITH INTEGRATED VOICE ASSISTANT

------------------------------------------------------------

Smart home appliances: washing machine with integrated voice assistant

Candy, an Italian home appliances manufacturer, is adapting to new technological
trends by turning its products into IoT objects with conversational user
interfaces.

After the first phase of internal experimentation with standard and general-
purpose tools such as the Google Assistant infrastructure, the client asked us
to enhance the ambiguity management capabilities of the complex dialogues needed
to operate and interact with the appliances. The user must be able to operate a
washer by voice and ask general questions about garment handling.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Smart home appliances: washing machine with integrated voice assistant

To manage some commands in the Italian language with multiple parameters that
lead to the activation of a washing machine prepared by the customer.

The implementation of a virtual assistant integrated with CELI.dialog in order
to leverage NLU's proprietary capabilities and ensure the recognition of complex
commands.

The demo phase took place in late 2020. The implemented solution allows handling
«multi-intent» requests and resolving ambiguities, avoiding asking the user
redundant questions.

In the context of product innovation, Candy is interested in evaluating new
solutions to enhance its smart products through voice commands.

We have proposed the implementation of a PoC through two parallel development
phases: in addition to the recognition of user commands, we included the design
of a conversational flow, in order to allow the user to request all necessary
parameters for command activation. The system to implement will automatically
recognize any additional information presented by the user.

The NLU proprietary component integrated into the proposed conversational
assistant, allows the correct management of the different linguistic
difficulties and ambiguities: «Come lavo la lana» and «Avvia lavaggio lana» are
in fact two Italian linguistic expressions apparently similar but completely
different in the meaning and can generate confusion in the systems available on
the market.

At the end of 2020, after completing the internal processes of implementation
and testing, the demo phase of the PoC provided in SaaS mode on the
infrastructure prepared by us took place.

The assistant we developed is able both to recognize and differentiate complex
commands and to ask the user for any missing information useful to complete the
task.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
