SOCIAL INNOVATION PATH WITH CSL BEHRING

CSL BEHRING

------------------------------------------------------------

Social Innovation Path with CSL Behring

The pharmaceutical company CSL Behring contacted us to organize an Open
Innovation journey in collaboration with SIFO, the Italian Society of Hospital
Pharmacy, with the aim of designing innovative solutions for the management of
rare diseases for both patients and hospital staff.

We organized a virtual hackathon that involved students and recent graduates in
Design and Pharmacology, followed by co-design sessions with representatives of
SIFO, patient associations and people with rare diseases. At the end of the
journey, we created 2 digital prototypes of the winning ideas of the hackathon
and 3 videos narrating the whole Open Innovation process.

CSL BEHRING

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Social Innovation Path with CSL Behring

Designing innovative solutions for patients with rare diseases and hospital
staff. Developing the most promising ideas to share at the SIFO conference in
October 2022.

A hackathon involving recent graduates and students in design and pharmacy,
followed by a co-design path with representatives of CSL Behring, SIFO, and
patient associations.

We developed the digital prototypes of the main screens of the ideas that
emerged from the hackathon, an app, a website and then we also created 3 videos
in animated graphics to show the entire path.

The pharmaceutical company CSL Behring contacted us to organize an Open
Innovation journey in collaboration with SIFO, the Italian Society of Hospital
Pharmacy, with the aim of designing innovative solutions for the management of
rare diseases which directly involved end-users, i.e. hospital patients and
pharmacists.

We thus organized a virtual hackathon involving students and recent graduates in
Design and Pharmacology, followed by a series of co-design meetings aimed at
prototyping the ideas outlined through the event. This second phase involved all
the end-users of the identified solutions: the representatives of SIFO hospital
pharmacists, patient associations and people suffering from rare diseases.

The hackathon focused on 2 challenges and led to the identification of 2
concepts: an app and a web platform. Then, in the co-design meetings that
followed, we evaluated the winning ideas and deepened our understanding of the
end-users' needs.

For the two identified solutions we then focused on the user journey and
developed an interactive mock-up. The final session was dedicated to the
improvement of prototypes and to the ideation of the storytelling needed to
present the ideas at the SIFO conference. As the last step, we created 3
animated graphics videos that illustrate the whole process.

CSL BEHRING

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
