SOTIRIO, AN ONBOARDING JOURNEY FOR NEWCOMERS

BULGARI

------------------------------------------------------------

Sotirio, an onboarding journey for newcomers

New beginnings can be difficult as newcomers have to enter a new world and
embrace a new philosophy in order to become a core part of the corporate DNA.

The client, an Italian luxury brand well known for its jewelry, watches,
fragrances, accessories, and leather goods, wanted to redesign a coherent
onboarding process by transforming the existing and fragmented learning
experience into a more blended and engaging experience to welcome newcomers in a
new, playful and effective way.

BULGARI

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Sotirio, an onboarding journey for newcomers

Map, analyze, and organize the existing onboarding contents and processes
through workshops and interviews. Design a new onboarding process for all the
countries of the brand.

A blended experience to get to know the brand, the foundamental tools and the
offline events, under the guidance of a digital mentor.

A responsive custom platform, a digital journey, and a unique experience shared
among all onboarders worldwide.

The project needs were diverse, from content mapping to defining an onboarding
strategy, all on a unique platform, named after the very founder of the company
who actually becomes the digital mentor throughout the entire experience. The
mentor, developed as a written bot, interacts with the user in the platform
through questions, quizzes, and suggestions.

The platform was designed to manage the onboarding process of new employees all
around the world.

We designed a friendly and interactive user interface, made to deliver
compelling and useful content in the most effective way, while giving HR and
Managers a great tool to track the progress of the newcomers, through the
dedicated CMS.

The main phases of the project consisted of: content mapping and analysis of all
the available material and processes, including workshops and interviews with
the main stakeholders involved. Insights report including all the
considerations, pain points, and suggestions. Design and development of the
actual platform in small agile sprints. Beta release and pilot for initial
feedback collection. Global rollout phase. The platform is currently available
to more than 500 onboarders worldwide in more than 40 countries as well as to
all employees who are interested in learning more about the company and its
ongoing projects.

BULGARI

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
