SPEECH ANALYTICS: QUALITY MEASUREMENT & AGENT PERFORMANCE

------------------------------------------------------------

Speech analytics: quality measurement & agent performance

Financial companies with telephone customer support must ensure that agents
comply with the defined script, based on current regulations. A financial
company operating in the consumer credit sector, asked us to extract information
from the content of phone calls between customers and call center operators for
quality control purposes.

Through a PoC we made CELI.analytics, our text and speech mining platform,
available to the client. To process the audio data source, we integrated the
Nuance Transcription Engine (NTE), which transcribes audio into text, into the
platform.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Speech analytics: quality measurement & agent performance

The transcription with speaker identification and the analysis of recordings of
phone calls made between operators of external companies that the institution
uses and customers, for quality control.

Our text & speech mining platform, CELI.analytics, with integrated NTE
transcriber. We provided the workbench for data analysis and the dashboard for
reporting results.

The system allows transcription and analysis of phone calls highlighting the
topics covered, the level of operator courtesy and customer satisfaction through
sentiment analysis.

A financial company operating in the consumer credit sector, uses external debt
collection companies to contact its customers by telephone in the context of
debt collection. In order to carry out this practice, it is important that the
telephone operators adhere to the good practices of a script that provides for
several behaviors, including not using inappropriate terms, following the code
of conduct and limiting the frequency of phone calls for the single practice.

To accomplish these checks, through a PoC, the credit insitution asked us for a
solution to transcribe 100K minutes of phone recordings with subsequent
analysis. We provided the client with our text and speech mining platform,
CELI.analytics, with Nuance Transcription Engine integrated. For an effective
use of the tool, we also provided the workbench for linguistic analysis and the
dashboard for reporting results.

In addition to highlighting the topics covered, the level of courtesy of the
operator and customer satisfaction through sentiment analysis, the essential
feature is the check of the content of the conversation against the script and
company guidelines. The platform also allows a drill-down to identify specific
cases of non-adherence and then an immediate training intervention.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Financial Services • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
