SPICE: SOCIAL COHESION, PARTICIPATION, AND INCLUSION THROUGH CULTURAL ENGAGEMENT

COMMISSIONE EUROPEA (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

------------------------------------------------------------

SPICE: Social cohesion, Participation, and Inclusion through Cultural Engagement

SPICE is a three-year project funded by the European Commission (2020-2023). The
consortium is made up of 13 partners among universities and companies and four
museums; the countries involved are Italy, Ireland, Finland, Denmark, UK, Spain,
Israel. The aim is to foster a broader, inclusive and collaborative
participation in cultural activities, addressing the needs of groups at risk of
exclusion and encouraging citizens to give their own interpretation of cultural
objects and reflect on differences and similarities of perspective, to develop
mutual understanding and flexibility of thought.

COMMISSIONE EUROPEA (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

SPICE: Social cohesion, Participation, and Inclusion through Cultural Engagement

Adoption of technological tools that help citizens to select artworks to share
their interpretation with others and develop understanding and empathy for other
communities.

A Linked Data infrastructure that will allow citizens' contributions to be
collectively shared and analyzed across various authoring and social media
platforms.

The infrastructure will enable communities to build and control their own
perspective on culture and determine how it is shared with others.

In SPICE (Social cohesion, Participation, and Inclusion through Cultural
Engagement), a three-year project funded by the European Commission (2020-2023),
we aim to promote social cohesion by researching and developing tools and
methods to support citizen curation with groups at risk of exclusion from
participating in shared culture and interacting with other groups. These include
older people, asylum seekers, children with serious illnesses, children from
lower socioeconomic groups, deaf people, and children from different religious
and secular communities.

We developed technologies helping communities to share their interpretations of
cultural items with others. Through this, citizens can learn more about
themselves and develop a better understanding of, and empathy for, other
communities. The approach to citizen curation will involve the development of a
distributed Linked Data layer to support the management of content, including
museum objects, related museum resources, citizen contributions, and models of
citizens and groups.

The project involves different communities all across Europe with different case
studies; our contribution, thanks to our expertise in multilingual text
analytics, is based on the extraction of relevant information from data in the
cultural heritage domain. The SPICE project will also increase the international
experience of our organization, fostering access to global markets.

COMMISSIONE EUROPEA (PROGETTO DI RICERCA H2020)

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Public Administration & No Profit • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
