STARTUP ADVENTURE, AN INTERACTIVE LEARNING EXPERIENCE INSPIRED BY ARGS

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

------------------------------------------------------------

Startup Adventure, an interactive learning experience inspired by ARGs

Startup Adventure is the second step of a bigger project, DJ NOVA, whose goal is
establishing a new innovative mindset in Novartis Oncology.

It had Novartis employees experience first-hand what it is like working in a
startup environment. How? They are asked to complete four challenges by the CEO
of an innovative startup. The fictional goal is to get the product ready for the
market, the real goal is having participants assimilate principles like open-
mindedness, resilience, and a “culture of error”.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Startup Adventure, an interactive learning experience inspired by ARGs

Teaching Novartis’ employees a new mindset and how to combine the working style
of a startup with the complexity of a multinational company with a long history.

Startup Adventure, an interactive learning experience where Novartis’ employees
can experience first-hand the working style and the mindset typical of a
startup, in a safe environment.

The participation rate was 95% (205 active participants out of 215 involved, 36
teams). Participants learned how to work together in a new and dynamic way.

Startup Adventure was the second part of the DJ NOVA project. A fictional story
framed the contest that consisted of four challenges that led to identifying a
winning group at the end. Both the learning goals and the story concept were
defined with Novartis. The fictional story revolved around my*artur, a startup
that invented a special drone to be a personal assistant and guardian to people
with Alzheimer. In the story, Daniela Moras, founder and CEO of the startup,
agrees with Novartis to teach employees what she has learned working in a
startup. In exchange, they help her completing tasks functional to the launch of
my*artur’s pilot. Participants communicated with Daniela using a dedicated Teams
channel. Every week they received the materials for the challenges but also
video and written messages from the character. The challenges asked participants
to create a communication campaign to recruit people for the pilot (first
challenge), to evaluate a list of technologies to evolve my*artur (second
challenge), to create new code for the drone (third challenge), and finally to
“pivot” the start-up’s business model (fourth challenge).  Participants learned
to work as a team, keep in mind the final user and goal, accept mistakes and
turns of events as part of the process. During the whole process, Daniela
suggested maize.PLUS courses related to the challenge. 95% of the people
enrolled were active during the game and the feedback received during the
closing event was positive.

NOVARTIS ONCOLOGY

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
