START ME UP: A GAME THAT SIMULATES THE EXPERIENCE OF WORKING IN A STARTUP

PRELIOS

------------------------------------------------------------

Start Me Up: a game that simulates the experience of working in a startup

Prelios, a leader in Europe in alternative asset management and specialist in
real estate services, has launched an innovation program involving the Group at
all levels. To engage its employees, the customer asked us to design a training
course aimed at acquiring mentalities, tools, and methodologies used by startups
to develop and launch new projects.

We therefore created Start Me Up, a game with elements of simulation and
storytelling in which participants, divided into teams, must help the founder of
a fictitious business to ground her idea through the typical steps of startups.

PRELIOS

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Start Me Up: a game that simulates the experience of working in a startup

The creation of a training journey that stimulates the corporate population to
acquire the Business Design methodologies that are necessary to evaluate and
develop a new idea.

Start Me Up, a training business game with simulation and storytelling elements
in which participants can face all the necessary steps to transform an idea into
a concrete business opportunity.

198 active participants, 29 teams, of which 25 have finished the program. The
80% of the people involved expressed a score between 7 and 10 in terms of
educational and entertainment quality.

Prelios asked us to design a training course for its employees aimed at
acquiring mentalities, methodologies and tools that are typically used by
startups to launch new products or services. To meet this need we created Start
Me Up, a training business game that, through elements of simulation and
storytelling, allows participants to face the steps that a startup goes through
in order to turn an idea into reality.

The simulation part consists of 4 challenges that represent the key activities
that need to be done to ground an idea: user interviews, a market analysis, the
definition of the business model canvas and the business case, up to the
creation of a prototype and the preparation of a final presentation pitch. 

The challenges were set within a narrative framework that saw Ludovica - the
imaginary founder of the Belvedere startup - collaborate with Prelios to test
and realize her idea with the help of the participants. Each week, Ludovica
shared with the teams the new tasks and materials through videos and messages,
sent in a dedicated Microsoft Teams channel. 

Start Me Up was designed to encourage a high engagement of participants that
dedicated an average of 4 hours a week for 5 weeks stimulating both teamwork and
competition.

PRELIOS

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
