STARTER, BARILLA'S NEW GLOBAL ONBOARDING PROCESS

BARILLA

------------------------------------------------------------

STARTER, Barilla's new global onboarding process

Barilla did not have a codified onboarding process but each country and team
managed newcomers independently. 

We decided to design a new homogeneous and equally accessible experience at
global level to increase the sense of belonging to the company; a step by step
guided path lasting 4 weeks enabled by a dedicated platform and supporting
figures (buddy, manager, HR) to accompany the person to the best, and which
includes a mix of online and offline contents and formats (videos, e-learning,
live sessions with different referents, etc.) distributed in a propaedeutic way
along the path.

BARILLA

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

STARTER, Barilla's new global onboarding process

Designing the new global onboarding process to make it transversal and engaging
to the Group's new hires.

Design of the new process with creation of the identity and an ad hoc platform
and definition of roles and responsibilities and the content to be transferred.

A pilot carried out in two countries (Italy, Greece) involving about 25 people.
A new company process active at global level.

We designed the new process in all its elements:

Identity: since onboarding represents a new beginning, we chose the name STARTER
as the yeast, the beginning of many recipes, but also as an appetiser, the
opening that introduces other courses. The concept was declined in a document of
visual guidelines

Process: through a blueprint we designed all the stages of the experience for
the newcomer, the touchpoints, roles and responsibilities of the actors
involved. We created guidelines to communicate the process internally and train
people

Platform: we designed and developed an ad hoc platform integrated with the
Barilla LMS to guide people in exploring the content designed for the first
weeks in the company

Content and experiences: we gave suggestions on experiences to be carried out
during onboarding (e.g. factory visit, cooking class, etc.) and produced all the
content on the platform (copy and visual of the platform interfaces, SCORM
packages and communications for users)

Pilot: we carried out a pilot phase in Italy and Greece with a small group of
users before launching the process worldwide.

BARILLA

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
