STRATEGIC REDESIGN OF A SERVICE COMPARISON PLATFORM

------------------------------------------------------------

Strategic redesign of a service comparison platform

The client, which operates a comparison platform in a highly competitive and
ever-changing market, approached us to renew its value proposition, positioning
and digital experience.

Following in-depth user research and an inspiring landscape analysis, we
developed an innovative service model and a long-term digital product evolution
strategy. Finally, through a fast prototyping session, we realised and tested an
initial prototype for the concept validation.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Strategic redesign of a service comparison platform

Rethinking a household supply comparison service by completely redesigning its
digital touchpoint in order to build an experience designed around users' needs.

User, landscape and benchmarking research aimed at defining, in co-design with
the client, the new business model canvas, brand positioning and the design
cornerstones of the new digital experience.

An approach of providing a high quality service even at the expense of more
immediate monetisation, with the expectation that this will prove more
successful in the long run.

The first step was to analyse the current scenario. The following research
methods were conducted:

analysis of twenty-two competitor or comparable services offering digital
comparison services to study market trends and best practices;

five interviews with customer telephone operators to understand the as-is flow
of lead management and to gather qualitative insights into customer needs and
questions;

twelve interviews with users to hear their comments on the current customer site
experience compared with their expectations and opinions on competitor services.

The research also allowed us to create several user scenarios that we thoroughly
described and presented together with the research insights during a workshop in
which we arrived at the definition of the new brand values, mission and vision
and the new business and service model.

After outlining the user experience in detail in a co-design session, we
designed a lo-fi prototype and tested it with the twelve users initially
interviewed. These tests provided us with valuable insights that we used to
define the actions needed to implement the solution.

Thanks to this methodical and integrated approach, we were able to develop a
robust and innovative service model, based on a deep understanding of user needs
and a clear and shared vision of the future of the website.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Financial Services • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
