SUPERVISED DEEP LEARNING CLASSIFIER FOR AUTOMATIC CLAIMS SORTING

------------------------------------------------------------

Supervised Deep Learning classifier for automatic claims sorting

Customers of an energy service provider send complaints to a single certified
mail (PEC) address. Each complaint must be forwarded to the appropriate office,
which is able to properly handle the file.

In order to make the operation more efficient, we have realized an automatic
tool based on supervised Deep Learning able to redirect the complaint to the
competent office, after the analysis of the subject, text in the mail body and
possible attachments.

The complaints not automatically sorted are manually validated and used as
training data for the improvement of the system performance.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Supervised Deep Learning classifier for automatic claims sorting

A tool that provides a classification of PEC mails associating them with the
most likely recipient based on an analysis of subject, email body and
attachments.

An automatic classifier, through a PoC, that indexes, analyzes and classifies
the approximately 8K PEC mails received, associating to each one the most
probable office of competence.

The supervised Deep Learning system makes the email classification process more
efficient and faster, with subsequent sorting to the 15 relevant offices.

An Italian multi-utility offering electricity, light and gas supply services
needs to streamline the process of sorting complaints sent by customers to a
single certified electronic mail (PEC) address.

The emails must be classified and sent to 15 offices of competence according to
the content of the emails, the subject and any attachments from different data
sources (TXT, PDF, JPEG, XLS, etc.).

In order to meet this need we proposed the implementation, through a pilot
project, of an automatic classifier based on supervised Deep Learning techniques
trained from the receivers associated with the emails provided as an example.

Each complaint received is automatically redirected to the competent office,
following the semantic analysis of the subject of the complaint, the textual
content and any attachments. Complaints that are not sorted automatically are
sorted manually and, subsequently, are used as training data to improve the
efficiency of the automatic system.

The system has been evaluated positively by the client, showing a satisfactory
performance even in cases where there were attachments of a different nature to
the PEC emails.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
