SUPPORTING A PHARMACY CHAIN BY IDENTIFYING INITIATIVES TO RECRUIT NEW
PHARMACISTS

------------------------------------------------------------

Supporting a pharmacy chain by identifying initiatives to recruit new
pharmacists

A pharmacy chain with an intense expansion plan for the coming years asked us to
understand the point of view, expectations, and desires of students, recent
graduates, and professional pharmacists with respect to their ideal role,
professional development, and organization. Exploratory research was conducted
through surveys, field interviews, and best practices from competitors and
comparables with the ultimate goal of identifying activities to be implemented
to improve engagement and touch points towards potential new pharmacists,
strengthen organizational culture, and enhance the role of the Italian
pharmacist today.

CASE STUDY

2

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Supporting a pharmacy chain by identifying initiatives to recruit new
pharmacists

Identify new areas of opportunity to increase the attractiveness of a pharmacy
chain for potential pharmacists to work there, supporting the company's
expansion plan for the upcoming years.

An insight report and map of the initiatives with short, medium, long
implementation time, divided into 4 different impact areas and complete with
exemplifying internal or external case studies.

The initiatives were presented to the team and the CEO for an initial assessment
of priorities, expected impact, and resources needed to start implementation.

The project was developed in 3 phases:

During the first one, the internal context was analyzed through materials about
the organization's values, past interventions in universities, employee surveys
and more. Through interviews, card sorting activities, and field observation at
career days in 3 different universities (Pavia, Bari, and Bologna) the points of
view of students were gathered, while professional pharmacists from inside and
outside the company were involved through remote and in-person interviews.
Finally, through desk research, best practices from Italian and international
competitors and comparables on the topics of hiring, engagement and
communication have been selected. The insights were condensed into a report and
presented in a workshop dedicated to knowledge sharing between the MAIZE and
client teams.

Next, the most relevant areas of opportunity were identified, within which
practical initiatives of different types were designed including internal and
external communication activities, collaborations with universities and other
companies, and standardization of internal processes.

In the last phase, a mapping of initiatives was designed on 4 quadrants, each
dedicated to a different sub-goal, highlighting the links between the various
activities to facilitate sharing and discussion with the client team with
respect to priorities and implementation in the following months.

CASE STUDY

3

Research and insights • Healthcare and Pharma • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
