SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2020, LORO PIANA'S FIRST REPORT ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY

------------------------------------------------------------

Sustainability Report 2020, Loro Piana's first report about sustainability

Loro Piana Sustainability Report is the first report created by the textile
company, a leader in cashmere and luxury yarns. With this product, the company
wanted to tell in a direct way about the progress made and the goals achieved,
with a more formal format. The recipients, were first and foremost the
employees, that is, the people who are part of the company's history and help
create it. When the project was over, given the success it had internally, Loro
Piana decided to use the report as an external communication tool as well.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Sustainability Report 2020, Loro Piana's first report about sustainability

Design a visually appealing report, identifying the right language to display
data and make complex, technical content usable.

A product based on the stylistic elements of the Loro Piana brand, in which
different languages (from illustration to infographics) come together and
combine aesthetics and functionality.

A digitally usable report, featuring a contemporary style in keeping with the
brand, and a clear representation of information.

ANALYSIS: We focused on understanding the content provided by the client and
structuring it to make it usable as a digital report. GRAPHIC DESIGN: in the
next step we dealt with the graphic design, going to identify the basic
components, such as color palettes and text styles, that could come in handy in
defining the structure of the document. LAYOUT: once the basic components were
defined, we identified the types of page layouts that would be useful in
defining the different parts of the layout and designed to accommodate a wide
variety of content. DATA VIZ: an important part was devoted to defining the
infographic language with which to represent the numerical parts and
quantitative data. Again, we opted for a solution that took advantage of colors
and typography in the clearest way possible. ILLUSTRATION: the illustrations
created ad hoc by Andrea Mongia, with our art direction, allowed us to accompany
the story with high-impact images that harmoniously blend the iconic garments of
Loro Piana production with natural environments.VIDEO: The three main chapters
of the report were then remediated into three different videos, translated into
Italian, English, Chinese and Japanese languages.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
