TEXT ANALYTICS FOR MONITORING EXPERIMENTAL INITIATIVES IN SCHOOLS

SAVE THE CHILDREN ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

Text analytics for monitoring experimental initiatives in schools

Fuoriclasse in Movimento was born in 2017 as a collective action promoted by
Save The Children Italy in over 170 schools throughout the country. The goal of
the organization is to promote school wellbeing to guarantee the right to
quality education. The initiative is subject to the monitoring of changes
promoted through an annual questionnaire given to teachers.

The Onlus needs to process the data resulting from the surveys through a textual
analysis aimed at identifying the main thematic axes underlying the answers and
a statistical analysis useful to identify correlations between the emerging
themes.

SAVE THE CHILDREN ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

Text analytics for monitoring experimental initiatives in schools

An analysis of textual elements characteristic of questionnaires delivered
annually to teachers. The goal is to extract and represent recurring topics from
the text.

Our CELI.analytics-based text mining platform that allows you to analyze data
while providing a mode of representation for graphical synthesis of the data.

A structured analysis of textual data combined with the delivery of reports
following each questionnaire. The resulting reports describe the most
significant detected phenomena.

As part of the Fuoriclasse in Movimento project, a national initiative whose
objective is to promote school well-being as a guarantee of the right to quality
education for all, Save The Children Italy is providing text questionnaires to
the teachers involved. The ambition of the intervention is to contribute to the
renewal of methodologies and tools with which to address the phenomenon of early
school leaving in Italy.

Regarding the monitoring activities of the project, the Onlus asked us to
generate an analysis model for a joint reading of the results from the surveys.
We used our text analytics platform for the extraction of recurrent topics,
characteristic of certain teachers compared to others. The goal was to match the
topics with both characteristic domain expressions related to dropout and
characteristic documents that address the topic in question.

We have also provided a mode of representation useful for reading the results:
for example, through clouds of keywords (constituted by the topics or
expressions) characteristic of groups of teachers, the reading of the results is
clear and intuitive.

After the analysis of the questionnaires, we produced reports describing the
most significant phenomena detected.

SAVE THE CHILDREN ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
