TEXT MINING FOR VOICE OF THE CUSTOMER IN THE AUTOMOTIVE DOMAIN

ASSIST DIGITAL

------------------------------------------------------------

Text mining for voice of the customer in the automotive domain

Assist Digital needs to provide a consultancy to a client in the automotive
sector regarding customer satisfaction following the use of ordinary maintenance
services (car revisions, interventions in authorized centers, etc.).
Specifically, we need to analyze the results deriving from qualitative surveys,
about 100K documents per year, in terms of numerical values (for the calculation
of the Net Promoter Score) and free text (regarding answers to open questions).

In this context, we provided on premises our text analytics platform for
document classification and sentiment attribution.

ASSIST DIGITAL

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Text mining for voice of the customer in the automotive domain

The data center team of a BPO company is responsible for qualitative customer
satisfaction analysis in the automotive industry and needs a tool for extracting
insights, opinions and sentiment.

Our text mining platform, CELI.analytics, which we provided on premises. SA
features a workspace, the workbench, and a reporting dashboard.

By analyzing the importance of different issues, the company can determine what
actions to take to improve its processes and services while also drill down to
the individual dealer.

Most of the relationships between companies and customers nowadays take place in
digital mode: in order to fully understand customer expectations and needs, more
and more companies are providing surveys regarding the quality of the services
offered. The data resulting from the surveys are often expressed both
numerically (for the calculation of the Net Promoter Score) and in natural
language.

In this framework Assist Digital offered a consultancy to a company in the
automotive sector, with the aim of extracting insights, opinions and sentiment
from about 100K annual questionnaires on the quality of routine maintenance
provided to customers (car inspections, services in authorized centers,
satisfaction in showrooms). In order to be able to carry out the analysis
independently, Assist turned to us for a text analytics tool.

We provided the client with CELI.analytics on premises, along with initial
support for the development of the document taxonomy and sentiment. The
platform, equipped with a workspace and a reporting dashboard, allows for the
identification of the most frequent and/or relevant topics and the
classification of texts according to their content, as well as graphical
insights for the readability of the results. In this way, the company can
improve its processes and services while also drill-down to the individual
dealer.

ASSIST DIGITAL

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
