TEXT MINING ON TELEPHONE AND ONLINE QUESTIONNAIRES IN THE LOGISTICS SECTOR

POSTE ITALIANE

------------------------------------------------------------

Text mining on telephone and online questionnaires in the logistics sector

The Poste Italiane customer satisfaction team needs to analyze surveys of two
types: messages left by customers at the end of a telephone survey and online
questionnaires. The goal of the analysis is to extract insights, opinions and
sentiment. To process the first data sources, however, the team also needs an
automated tool to transcribe phone recordings before they can be analyzed.

To meet the client's needs we proposed the use of CELI.analytics, our text
mining platform that we integrated into Poste Italiane's systems via REST API.

POSTE ITALIANE

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------

Text mining on telephone and online questionnaires in the logistics sector

The client needs to analyze phone messages and online questionnaires addressed
to their customers by extracting topics and customer satisfaction through
sentiment analysis.

CELI.analytics, our speech analysis platform with automatic classification,
which allows automatic speech transcription.

By analyzing the frequency and importance of different issues, the logistics
company can determine what actions to take to improve its processes and
customer-facing services.

Poste Italiane, through its customer satisfaction team, provides surveys to its
customers through a twofold method: open-ended telephone surveys, useful to
obtain insights such as the NPS (Net Promoter Score), and online questionnaires.

In the case of telephone surveys, messages must be recorded and transcribed
automatically. At the end of this procedure, the data are aggregated to the
results of the online surveys and processed, in order to obtain all the drivers
of satisfaction/satisfaction.

To accomplish this process we proposed the use of CELI.analytics, our
Text&Speech analytics dashboard, which we integrated via REST API into the
client's reporting systems: in this way the solution acts as a semantic engine.

The system allows to transcribe and analyze phone messages left by customers,
aggregating them with data from online surveys, highlighting the topics covered
and customer satisfaction through sentiment analysis. The system makes it also
possible to identify the most frequent and/or relevant topics and to classify
texts according to their content. In this way, Poste Italiane is able to process
all the resulting drivers, implementing useful strategies to improve customer
satisfaction.

POSTE ITALIANE

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2016

------------------------------------------------------------
