TEXT MINING FOR SERVICE QUALITY MEASUREMENT IN THE CAR RENTAL INDUSTRY

ARVAL ITALIA

------------------------------------------------------------

Text mining for service quality measurement in the car rental industry

The customer feedback team of Arval Italia, a long-term car rental company,
submits various surveys to its customers, including a satisfaction inquiry with
questionnaires aimed at detecting the Net Promoter Score (NPS) and collecting
feedback. The sheer volume of responses collected makes it necessary to use an
automated tool to extract insights and sentiment from the textual responses so
that the company can take concrete action for improvement.

To perform the analysis of the data resulting from the surveys, we provided the
client with our text mining platform, CELI.analytics, in SaaS mode.

ARVAL ITALIA

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Text mining for service quality measurement in the car rental industry

The client needs to interpret the results of surveys in a human readable way, in
order to determine actions to improve their processes and services.

We provided the workbench (work area) and dashboard (for viewing results in a
human readable way) for our text mining platform, CELI.analytics.

CELI.analytics extracts value from textual data by identifying the most frequent
and relevant themes within documents and classifying them.

Aware of the importance of listening to the voice of customers, Arval Italia, a
company specializing in long-term vehicle rental, conducts surveys to collect
customer feedback expressed both in numerical values for the Net Promoter Score
(NPS) and in natural language, i.e. responses to open-ended questions.

Once this data is collected, careful analysis is required to extract actionable
information for the business: measuring customer satisfaction, identifying
strengths and areas of concern, anticipating needs and improving the customer
experience.

To perform these tasks, we provided Arval Italia with our text analytics
platform in SaaS mode in all its components: the semantic text analysis
workbench that allows analysts to manipulate data (survey results) to extract
value, and the reporting dashboard, a continuous support in the graphical
visualization of insights resulting from surveys.

Thanks to the use of the CELI.analytics platform, Arval Italia is able to
promptly implement all useful initiatives to improve the processes and services
provided to clients.

ARVAL ITALIA

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
