THALATHON, 24 HOURS TO IMPROVE THE LIVES OF THALASSAEMIA PATIENTS

NOVARTIS

------------------------------------------------------------

Thalathon, 24 hours to improve the lives of Thalassaemia patients

Novartis is involved in the market for Thalassaemia, a hereditary blood disease.
To maintain its role as a reference partner for stakeholders, the company wanted
to launch a research and innovation process on the subject.

The Thalathon project, consisting of a research phase, a workshop, and an
hackathon, was proposed as a solution to ideate innovative initiatives that
responded to the most relevant needs of players who orbit around the disease
(patients, caregivers, doctors, and nurses).

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Thalathon, 24 hours to improve the lives of Thalassaemia patients

Create a research and innovation path that allowed Novartis to remain a
reference player for stakeholders.

A 24-hour non-stop hackathon where doctors, nurses, and university students
worked in teams to devise innovative ideas to improve the lives of patients
affected by Thalassaemia.

24 hours of deep work, more than 80 participants, and 13 innovative solutions:
these were the Thalathon project numbers. The idea that won the first prize was
slated for implementation by Novartis.

The first phase of the innovation path began in March with a kick-off where,
together with Novartis, we identified the project's objectives and issues to be
investigated. During a research phase, interviews were conducted with doctors
and patients with the support of Elma Research — a market research company that
specializes in pharmaceuticals — to understand the needs and highlight insights
to bring to the second phase of the workshop. The objective of the workshop was
to define — along with a board of doctors and Novartis representatives — the
challenges to be proposed in the Hackathon, the names of the Challenge Owners
and Business Mentors, and participant profiles. At the end of the workshop three
challenges were selected: 1. Enhancement of hospitalization time; 2.
Technological tools to improve the adherence to therapy; 3. Awareness around the
pathology and blood donation. At this point, the recruiting phase began with a
communication and sponsorship campaign for the event (launched on main social
networks).  Finally, the hackathon was the moment when different profiles were
involved in a 24-hour non-stop marathon to find original and innovative
solutions to meet proposed challenges. Three startups (one for each brief) were
selected to participate in the hackathon for inspiration to develop innovative
ideas from the competition.

NOVARTIS

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Healthcare and Pharma • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
