THE BUSINESS DESIGN SPRINT TO DEVELOP NEW BUSINESS MODELS

HENKEL

------------------------------------------------------------

The Business Design Sprint to develop new business models

Henkel is a global market leader in the Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG)
industry operating in the beauty, laundry, and adhesives business. Henkel
X Ventures is the unit aimed at promoting innovation and digital transformation.

Henkel X Ventures runs the Global Innovation Challenge, where employees propose
business innovation ideas to generate new revenue opportunities.

We supported Henkel’s design of a program to turn winning ideas into
comprehensive business models by building a value proposition, quantitative
business case, and digital prototype to kickstart the "startup.”

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

The Business Design Sprint to develop new business models

To help Henkel turn the rough winning ideas of the Global Innovation Challenge
into business models, to verify the market size and economic viability, and
ensure the idea addressed customer needs.

Business Design Sprint: A five-day program that turns ideas into solid business
models through value proposition design, customer interviews, quantitative
analysis, and digital prototyping.

Seven sprint runs with Henkel in 2019. 65 Henkel participants from 8+ countries.
NPS score of +92 based on participant feedback. 14 projects "accelerated" and
two turned into MVPs.

The Business Design Sprint was an intense full week structured as follows: Day 1
| Value Proposition Design - Henkel and MAIZE worked on defining the customer
journey by focusing on core jobs, pain points, and the needs of targeted
customer profiles. Then they mapped competitors and crafted a structured Value
Proposition. Day 2 | Customer Discovery and Value Proposition refinement - Up to
six qualitative interviews were run with potential users to refine and validate
a Customer Profile before confirming or changing the Value Proposition. Day 3 |
Business Model and Economics - The morning was dedicated to designing a business
model and its components, while in the afternoon, the team focused on market
size and a business case, with a P&L model up to EBITDA level. Day 4 | Digital
Prototyping and Pitch - The team designed (along with UX Designers from MAIZE) a
digital interactive mockup (app or webapp screens, landing page, etc.) to turn
the idea into something tangible. Then they worked on building a rock-solid
investor pitch to present. Day 5 | Pitch Delivery - They defined the least
expensive and most effective next steps to develop their idea and delivered a
pitch to upper management, requesting an investment budget. Each team came back
with a customer-validated value proposition, a sound business model supported by
a quantitative business case, a digital interactive prototype, an investor
pitch, and, in some cases, a budget commitment from upper management.

HENKEL

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
