THE DESIGN OF A NEW VALUE-BASED PRICING STRATEGY

------------------------------------------------------------

The design of a new value-based pricing strategy

A data-driven approach to optimize pricing and implement a value-based strategy.
We identified the optimal price point through a structured, data-driven
approach, executed in two key phases:

Pricing Strategy Assessment – We collected data and insights from CNH, dealers,
and end customers to systematically analyze the U.S. market. This allowed us to
define clear guidelines for an effective value-based pricing strategy.

Value-Based Pricing Implementation – We assessed the role of each
product/category within the CNH ecosystem, leveraging quantitative analysis. The
new value-based pricing strategy will be then tested in the U.S. market with
selected dealers to validate and refine the approach.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Automotive & Petrol • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

The design of a new value-based pricing strategy

Evolving the whole spare parts pricing strategy of a big Automotive client
switching from a “cost plus” mechanism to dynamics that reflect the real value
customers attribute to the parts.

A comprehensive analysis of the current gaps, along with recommendations for
pricing evolution to simplifying overall governance, leveraging seasonality, and
prioritizing premium dealers.

The project provided both awareness of current pricing gaps and an actionable
strategy, along with an estimation of new revenues and margins for each discount
scenario.

The Pricing Strategy Assessment phase focused on understanding the market
landscape and gathering insights to shape a value-based pricing approach. It
began with an in-depth CNH market and internal analysis, including a project
kick-off, benchmarking, and internal data analysis, followed by stakeholder
workshops with CNH U.S. teams. The second part of this phase, Dealer & End-
Customer Insights, involved qualitative interviews with dealers, and a dealer
survey incorporating pricing games. The findings were synthesized into a gap
analysis to identify key opportunities for improvement.

Building on these insights, the Value-Based Pricing Strategy phase was
structured around two critical steps. First, the New Pricing Strategy
Development defined dealer list prices and established a comprehensive value-
based pricing strategy. Then, the focus shifted to the Adoption & Testing Plan,
where an implementation roadmap was designed. Future activities include Proof of
Concept (PoC)  set up, and dealers onboarding.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Automotive & Petrol • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
