THE INCREMENTAL VALUE OF CONNECTED PACKAGING TO TRANSFORM EACH PACK INTO A DATA
CARRIER

------------------------------------------------------------

The incremental value of connected packaging to transform each pack into a data
carrier

In 2018 a multinational food packaging company introduced Dynamic QR codes, the
technology that virtually transforms each pack into a data carrier, opening up
vast possibilities for consumer interaction and product tracking, and
potentially reinforcing its position as a service provider.

The organization was looking for innovative solutions to boost its smart
packaging technology as customers were not grabbing the full value of consumer
engagement with the connected package. 

We helped the organization define its innovation perimeter, select the right
partner, and develop a proof of concept.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2020

------------------------------------------------------------

The incremental value of connected packaging to transform each pack into a data
carrier

Prove connected packaging's incremental value to customers by improving data
interpretation, and helping the organization reinforce its position along the
data driven value chain.

Scouting, selection, and engagement of the innovative venture able to leverage,
integrate, and transform data to provide actionable insights to the brands
and/or the organization.

The startup ran a successful 2-month’s PoC, leveraging Swiss dairy product
company real marketing campaign data. The result was a data integration feature
providing actionable consumer insights.

To guarantee the project's success it was crucial to define the need correctly,
as the technology developed by the organization was unique and new on the market
and there were no comparable cases to be used as a “benchmark” to address the
associated challenges. To do this, we organized an immersive co-design workshop
during which the brand's stakeholders, guided by MAIZE, defined the innovation
challenge perimeter to guide the startup scouting activity. During a three-
month-scouting round, over 130 startups were evaluated, 11 ventures were
presented to the organization, and 1 was selected for the PoC development.

The selected venture worked closely with MAIZE, the brand and its partners — a
Swiss dairy product company – to develop a PoC aimed at understanding how, by
combining existing data from multiple sources, the brand can gain actionable
insights from the connected package, and which additional data could be added to
maximize insights.

The startup used package scanning data from a real marketing campaign and
integrated it with other data sources to construct a data integration, analysis,
and visualization feature.

The PoC received extremely positive feedback, proving the viability of the
feature integration value and opening up the possibilities of creation of a
predictive tool with real-time data.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) •
2020

------------------------------------------------------------
