THE ENERGY OF CHANGE: A WIDESPREAD TRAINING PROGRAM TO FOSTER DIGITAL MINDSET

------------------------------------------------------------

The Energy of Change: A Widespread Training Program to Foster Digital Mindset

Terna, an important company in the energy sector, has implemented a
comprehensive training program to develop a digital mindset across the entire
company population. The project, built with a blended approach, integrates
inspirational webinars and digital learning modules on four key macro-themes:
Change Agility, Digital Intelligence, Digital Problem Solving, and Generative
AI. A strong communication strategy and gamification dynamics have made the
learning journey engaging and accessible, supporting the development of new
digital awareness and a real cultural change.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

The Energy of Change: A Widespread Training Program to Foster Digital Mindset

Activate cultural change and digital upskilling across the organization.

Blended learning journey with webinars, training modules, internal
communication, and gamification to engage and train on 4 digital macro-themes.

Greater digital awareness, High participation in the training program, New
skills within the company.

The project stems from the desire to activate a true cultural change oriented
toward innovation within the company. The objective was to promote an
experimental and conscious approach to the use of digital technologies,
activating curiosity, critical thinking, and continuous learning. The journey
included an initial phase of listening and analyzing training needs through
surveys and co-design sessions, the design and delivery of training content
(webinars and digital dossiers), and a final feedback phase to identify
additional needs. Each theme was addressed in a blended mode with three editions
of inspirational webinars and interactive learning modules. The communication
stream worked on engagement through an internal campaign. The experience design
encouraged active participation, with quizzes, challenges, and a final
celebration.The systemic, creative, and human-centered approach ensured a
widespread diffusion of the digital mindset, fostering a new organizational
culture.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
