THE SINUOUS OVERTURE - AN IMMERSIVE EXPERIENCE TO CELEBRATE 75 YEARS OF SERPENTI

BULGARI

------------------------------------------------------------

The Sinuous Overture - an immersive experience to celebrate 75 years of Serpenti

In 2023 Bulgari asked us to create a digital experience, part of a global series
of events designed to celebrate the Serpenti icon and its 75 years of infinite
metamorphosis.The result was “The Sinuous Overture”, an immersive and
interactive room, designed to explore the Serpenti Icon and its evolution
through time, is displayed as a sinuous choreography of micro and macro details
prompted by audience gestures, this experience was implemented using ultra-
realistic CGI animations for advanced product experience and 3D, spatialized
ambient sound design.

BULGARI

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

The Sinuous Overture - an immersive experience to celebrate 75 years of Serpenti

Design the concept, content, and technical drawings of an interactive
installation that could be used in different contexts around the world during
the year of celebration of the Serpenti icon.

An immersive room composed of two sinuous interactive elements that at the touch
of the audience triggered punctuating sounds and a change of content on the
monitors to generate the sense of wrapping.

24 product CGI video animations, 6 animated 3D models, 1 soundscape, 18 sound
triggers, more than 100K visitors across four cities: Shanghai, Seoul, Milan and
Tokyo.

An emblem of modernity, for 75 years Serpenti has been continually reborn
through the creativity of the master Roman jeweler, expressed in endless shapes
and designs.In celebration of the icon's anniversary in 2023, Bulgari approached
us with a fascinating challenge: to create an immersive experience that captures
the essence of its ever-evolving Serpenti icon, while evoking the enchanting
feeling of wearing Serpenti jewelry.

After numerous iterations, we have crafted a concept that brings this vision to
life: an immersive room where the Serpenti Heritage, High jewelry, and Viper
products take center stage in a captivating play of intricate details. In this
mesmerizing environment, the audience becomes the orchestrator, immersing
themselves in sinuous sounds, delighting in seductive images of lifelike CGI
animations showcasing the moving products, and being surprised by unexpected
micro-soundscapes. "The Sinuous Overture" is an extraordinary experience that
engages the senses of touch, hearing, and sight. It is governed by the audience,
ensuring each encounter is unique and dynamic, never static or repetitive. It
serves as a tangible representation of the Serpenti icon's eternal
metamorphosis.

BULGARI

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
