THE IMPOSSIBLE RACE: A VIRTUAL TEAM BUILDING

------------------------------------------------------------

The impossible race: a virtual team building

The client, an international pharmaceutical leader, wanted to organize a short
remote team building session for about 40 employees.

The goal was to create an informal event during which new and old employees
could meet and get to know each other while having fun.

We deliver a 2hrs long remote event which included a team building game called
Impossible Race and a set of randomly generated speed meeting sessions.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

The impossible race: a virtual team building

To organize and deliver a short virtual team building session for about 40
employees. The solution must be easily delivered and fit a small budget.

A 2 hours long virtual event delivered using the Google Suite tools and made of:
a team-building game called Impossible Race and a set of randomly generated
speed meeting sessions.

High level of satisfaction and engagement among participants.

The main limits of this brief were two: to create an engaging and short event
within a limited budget.

We decided to design and deliver the activities of the event - a game,
Impossible Race and a speed meeting session, with tools already known by the
participants, the Google tools.

The game, Impossibile Race, is a set of 5 time based games to be carried out in
a fixed time for a total of about 50 minutes play. Participants were distributed
into team via Google Meet rooms and they received the google documents needed to
play by the MAIZE mentor. The 5 games focus on different capabilities and soft
skills: Show and Tell tests empathy and asks participants to get to know each
other by telling something about themselves through an object; Name that Emoji
Song turns on creativity asking to guess 30 songs title starting from the emoji
sequences; Pixel art tests team coordination reproducing a drawing in an excel
sheet; Blind draw focuses on communication skills: one person receives an image
and she/he has to describe that image to the team in such a way they can draw it
successfully; Impossible Call transfers the importance of trust inviting
participants to perform three tasks using their images in the group call. During
the speed meeting session, participants were randomly distributed in rooms for
quick conversations with random colleagues.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
