THINK ALOUD: A SERIES OF EVENTS TO SPARK COLLABORATIONS

ADIDAS

------------------------------------------------------------

Think Aloud: a series of events to spark collaborations

Digital and 3D are transforming product creation. As new opportunities arise,
companies need to change workflows, processes, and skill-sets to push innovation
and be leaders in their fields.

Think Aloud is an invite-only event that we created in 2018 with Adidas,
bringing together industry thought leaders in the field of 3D product creation.

We facilitated in-depth conversations aiming at exchanging knowledge and best
practices, sharing common challenges, and imagining ways of overcoming them.

ADIDAS

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Think Aloud: a series of events to spark collaborations

Competition and the speed of digital transformation challenge corporations in
the fashion and product businesses, moving them toward great internal
transformations. How to deal with them?

An event where organizations share challenges related to organizational models,
technological and cultural solutions to trigger change effectively.

Think Aloud was a safe space to share approaches to pressing issues,
collaboration, creating a network, technology insights, and creating
opportunities.

Every Think Aloud edition is a three-day event (every 6 months) focused around a
main topic, collaboratively decided among participants based on the most
pressing topics on a current agenda. Participants range from Adidas to Hugo
Boss, Target, IKEA, Luxottica, and many others.

Initial sessions are dedicated to mutual inspiration: companies share some of
the most recent obstacles they have encountered and how they overcame them.

Then it is time for more focused sessions on present challenges: representatives
from each organization discuss how to accelerate transformation in the product
design and development industry.

At the end of third day, the final session takes place. It is a joint discussion
about the learnings from talks and workshops and how to further approach this
topic. This gives birth to collaboration and is the starting point for our next
Think Aloud edition.

It is worth mentioning that some conversations are covered by a NDA. In this
case, the main objective is to encourage collaboration between different brands
that are part of the same industry, with the ambitious goal to solve industry
challenges and speed up processes.

ADIDAS

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Fashion and Apparel • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
