TRAINING PROGRAMME FOR AN ELECTRICITY COMPANY

------------------------------------------------------------

Training programme for an electricity company

The project involves the merging of five applications, currently in use, into a
single system based on the Salesforce platform. The training programme involves
about 7.000 employees who will have to be familiar with the features of the new
platform and learn how to use it for their daily work.We have designed and
delivered a training programme in which interactive online courses,
communication and entertainment are set in a single narrative framework.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------

Training programme for an electricity company

Lead about 7,000 employees of the Network Commercial Operations function in the
transition to a single system based on the Salesforce platform, in which 5
applications converge.

Digital training made up of training courses (scorm) and communication assets
capable of conveying to end users all the information they need to use the new
application in the best possible way.

7.000 employees involved in training. 16 scorm courses to tell the user strands
about the new platform features.

The training programme we designed is embedded in a narrative framework that
permeates all elements of the training programme through the story of 6
characters that coincide with the 6 user strands of the applications. The
narrative concept is characterised by 6 heroes (the characters), a mentor and
7000 allies, i.e. the users following the training. The narrative framework is
organised in three phases: prologue, unfolding, epilogue. In the prologue phase
a teaser video introduces the characters and through the mentor the challenge is
set. Then there is an unfolding phase in which characters and employees (allies)
put themselves to the test by taking advantage of the courses dedicated to them.
The programme ends with a final phase called epilogue in which the characters
are in possession of all the tools to face this change, which coincides with the
use of a single tool. The content structure is actually organised in three
blocks that follow the evolution of the narrative framework. The user journey of
the training programme consists of: an initial newsletter (with the teaser video
inside), a block of introductory courses, a second newsletter with the character
embodying the user strand, a series of specific scorm courses with test quizzes
and a closing newsletter.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2022

------------------------------------------------------------
