TRAINING AND EXPLORATION IN THE WORLD OF GENERATIVE AI

------------------------------------------------------------

Training and exploration in the world of Generative AI

Generative AI is at the centre of attention, but organisations struggle to
understand how it could be useful, how to integrate its principles into the
company's culture and how to incorporate it into their processes.The company, a
major player in the world of eyewear, asked us to support them by creating a
training and exploration path into the world of Generative AI that would lead to
a shared understanding of the benefits, constraints and potential applications
for the company.This path was requested for the design team but potentially
applicable to the rest of the company's population.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

Training and exploration in the world of Generative AI

The company needed to promote a shared understanding within the design team of
the benefits, constraints and potential applications of AI for internal
activities.

An in-person workshop to explore the world of AI, teaching of specific tools,
and finally an in-depth analysis of software to explore its applications.

Having completed the training and experimentation. A spin-off of the project was
launched with the aim of building a customised genAI business tool based on the
identified needs.

The project was developed in three phases. Each of these was punctuated by
plenary discussions and quick exercises aimed at extracting food for thought and
gathering materials and points of view useful for creating a roadmap of
necessary actions, identifying potential areas for internal training and
defining a plan for integrating generative AI in the company. 

PHASE 1: What is AI? 

This phase created the theoretical basis for understanding the world of
generative AI and how to approach it. 

PHASE 2: Creating common knowledge 

First part of hands-on experimentation to understand the functionality shared by
all generative AI tools and deepen prompt construction. 

PHASE 3: Deep-dive vertical 

The focus of the final phase was vertical experimentation with a selection of
three tools based on the needs identified with the customer. The objective was
to understand how the existing approach, results and workflow could change with
the tools designed for the specific requirements. 

The course was preparatory for an spin-off project in which a customised genAI
tool is being developed based on the identified needs.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
