USING BLOCKCHAIN TO DRIVE SUPPLY CHAIN TRANSPARENCY

------------------------------------------------------------

Using blockchain to drive supply chain transparency

An international fashion and luxury group wants to investigate the different
technologies that allow increasing the traceability and transparency of the
supply chain. 

The group wants to explore the opportunities offered by this technology and test
it with a real use case. 

We designed a research and scouting path and a discovery workshop with the
selected startups to allow the Group to evaluate the advantages and
disadvantages of these solutions.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Using blockchain to drive supply chain transparency

Mapping of startups and corporates that have developed solutions for the
traceability of raw materials (IoT and Blockchain). Identification of the most
promising startup for the Pilot.

Scouting and discovery workshop with the 4 best startups that have developed
their own approach to track and trace the leather of the bags without
excessively impacting the current supply chain.

150 startup scouted and 4 unique projects that allowed the Group to understand
the advantages and disadvantages of using the blockchain technology. One startup
selected for the development of a Pilot.

To increase the transparency of its products, the Group needed to identify IoT
solutions for the tracking of raw materials along the supply chain and
Blockchain solutions to increase the transparency in the traceability of
information but also to make data management more efficient. 

We then scouted IoT and Blockchain solutions identifying more than 150 startups.
Following the connection calls with a selection of 10 startups, the client chose
4 which were then invited to the Discovery Workshop and competed against each
other to develop a tailor-made Pilot proposal.

During the 2 days, the startups visited the factory where the final part of
cutting and assembling of the final product takes place. They all received
detailed information regarding the entire supply chain. 

We have structured the workshop to accompany the 4 startups in the development
of the pilot proposal, including all the elements necessary for the brand to
understand the advantages and disadvantages associated with the use of the
blockchain. 

The Group and the Brand evaluated the presented proposals and selected one
startup to proceed in the development of the pilot.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
