UX AND UI INTERFACE REDESIGN INTERFACE FOR INDUSTRIAL MACHINES

------------------------------------------------------------

UX and UI interface redesign interface for industrial machines

The client is a company that designs and realizes special machines for General
Industry and complete plants for the production and manufacturing of expanded
polystyrene.

The collaboration was born out of the need to make machine user interfaces more
user-friendly, especially for the US market.

After a series of interviews and a concept, the project objective was the
complete design of the user interface of a cutting line that would serve as a
guide for the development of the future interfaces.

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

UX and UI interface redesign interface for industrial machines

To redesign the machines user interfaces to making them easy and friendly to
everyone, non-specialized users included, while being consistent with the
corporate branding.

Complete redesign of both the flows and the graphic interface, resulting from a
series of interviews and collaborative study with the client.

The deliverable was a document with all the screens produced, the conceptual and
functional points of interest, and the style guide. We also shared the
screenshots in InVision.

The client is a company that designs and realizes special machines for General
Industry and complete plants for production and manufacturing of expanded
polystyrene

The collaboration was born out of the need to make their user interfaces user
friendly, especially for the American market, where turnover makes it impossible
for workers to have a learning time.

The project follows a series of interviews and a concept and aims at the
complete design of the user interface of a cutting line, which will then serve
as a guide for the development of all future interfaces.

The main difficulties of the project were linked to the complexity of the pre-
existing interface and the incredible modularity that the redesign must foresee:
each machine produced by the company is actually a unique piece, with its
modules, commands and special customer requests.

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Industrial (Logistics and Manufacturing) • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
