UX FOR THE NEW API SERVICE PROVIDED

------------------------------------------------------------

UX for the new API service provided

The client, owner of a platform used as a daily work tool by all its customers
and aware of the support it represents in their operations, decided to provide a
large part of the numerous reports also via API. Maize was involved to study the
UX of the new service that will allow users to download the information they
need no longer manually, but via an automatic service. At the same time, we also
provided support in prioritising the implementation of the API and identified
the most suitable communication and support methods for the users at whom the
service is aimed.

CASE STUDY

2

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

UX for the new API service provided

Design the user experience of the new API Catalog, taking into consideration
client's guidelines and define how to prioritize the implementation of APIs from
the users' voice.

A mini-site that could be the collector of everything related to the API
catalog, modular and fed automatically.

A user-centered user experience that is scalable to other initiatives and has a
modular and sustainable implementation.

In order to define the UX of the new API service, we identified 2 phases and 3
activities: the first phase involved us in gathering information and studying
similar services. The second phase, on the other hand, was the synthesis phase,
which led us to the definition of the design concept and its sharing with
project stakeholders.1. DISCOVERY:Workshop: this activity aimed to create a
starting point for all participants to serve as a basis for dialogue with users.
The areas to be investigated were many: we mapped all currently available
reports and did an initial prioritization, then hypothesized communication and
support channels, also going to define the ownership of each channel.Interviews:
once the internal collection was conducted, we then pooled what emerged with the
information gathered from direct dialogue with users. There were a total of 41
interviews (12 clients) with users who came from different business divisions,
including IT.2. SYNTHESISConcept: At this stage, we defined the experience,
identifying as the optimal solution for users, a way forward that was not
initially considered.

CASE STUDY

3

Ventures, products and services • Energy Telco and Utilities • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
