UX ON CRUISE SHIPS: A CONVERSATIONAL ASSISTANT INTEGRATED INTO A SMART SPEAKER

------------------------------------------------------------

UX on cruise ships: a conversational assistant integrated into a smart speaker

A cruise line wants to adapt to the new User Experience trends and therefore
decides to introduce smart speakers in all common areas and cabins of its cruise
ships, offering passengers the possibility to get all information through voice.

However, standard smart speakers in commerce are not able to handle all the
typical situations of a pleasure cruise trip.

For this reason, we proposed to optimize the functionality of the customer's
smart speaker through ad hoc customization and multi-localization of the intents
related to the expected situations to be handled.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

UX on cruise ships: a conversational assistant integrated into a smart speaker

Provide innovative, multi-lingual UX to cruise ship passengers. The assistant
must handle interactions on onboard activities, cabin information and trip
schedule.

Personalization, optimization and localization of about 200 intents, giving
passengers the opportunity to interact with new technologies using natural
language.

The solution increases the independence of passengers, partially reduces the
work of info points and offers travelers an innovative and interesting User
Experience.

Voice technologies are becoming an increasingly common way we interact with
technology on a regular basis. Using voice to search and obtain information is
becoming an increasingly common practice among users who expect a UX that is
increasingly in line with their needs.

With the aim of following this trend, a shipping company dedicated to the
intercontinental cruise market wants to equip cabins with a multilingual virtual
assistant integrated in a smart speaker.

The system had to be customised ad hoc and optimised, in order to offer users
both information on on-board activities and the itinerary, and instructions on
the management of services and furnishings in the cabin.

We made available our expertise in NLP, enhancing the recognition of about 200
intent in American and British English, French, German, Spanish, Portuguese and
Chinese. Specifically, Specifically, we coordinated linguists with expertise in
the native languages in question, we checked the semantic relevance of the
generated commands and reduced the variations in the intents containing more
than a thousand training examples.

The result of this work has produced an assistant that provides an innovative UX
to travelers, increasing their independence on board and at the same time
reducing the workload on the cruise ship info points.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
