UX STRATEGY FOR CONNECTED PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTS

ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL

------------------------------------------------------------

UX strategy for connected professional products

Electrolux Professional, a global professional appliances manufacturer, was
looking at smart connectivity to explore possible applications, such as energy-
saving and cost reduction, preventative maintenance, and remote monitoring.

The project came from Electrolux's need to define a global UX strategy for
connected appliances across food, beverage, and laundry business units, to
harmonize isolated connectivity solutions established in different regions.

To do so, we designed a path to map existing internal knowledge and to align
global stakeholders on a shared strategic approach.

ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------

UX strategy for connected professional products

Define a global UX strategy for connected products and establish a common
digital innovation process across all BUs, shifting from an appliance-centric
approach to a digital product mindset.

A context understanding phase to map existing opportunities and gaps, followed
by a two-day strategy workshop with global stakeholders and 10+ functions
involved.

A mapping of connectivity-related opportunity areas applicable to each
professional segment, key strategic directions, and one pilot project to apply
the new approach.

After a context understanding phase and the insights that emerged from 20
internal interviews, we created a detailed mapping of needs, barriers, and
opportunities regarding connectivity and digital user experience for each of the
professional segments that Electrolux serves (chain restaurants, bars, and
cafés, hotel chains, professional laundry services, etc. ). We designed a 2-day
strategy workshop to guide global participants in the analysis of the status
quo, and throughout the identification of strategic directions, to guide the
innovation process for connected products, starting from the need to:  

build and share a structured understanding of all professional segments by
applying a consistent user-centered approach;

conceive of opportunities that are not purely driven by technological
possibilities but rather are at the intersections of users and business needs;

introduce quick and agile ways to prototype digital solutions, validate them in
an early stage of the process, and re-adjust priorities accordingly. 

After the workshop, we ran a follow-up phase to consolidate the directions that
emerged, and supported the client in structuring and launching one pilot project
focusing on high-productivity kitchens (chain restaurants and canteens) to test
the new approach.

ELECTROLUX PROFESSIONAL

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2018

------------------------------------------------------------
