UX WRITING AND CONTENT STRATEGY FOR THE NEW VOICE OF BBVA ITALIA

BBVA

------------------------------------------------------------

UX Writing and content strategy for the new voice of BBVA Italia

Spanish banking leader BBVA, one of the largest global banking groups, has
entered the Italian market with a 100% digital bank and an offering that aims to
combine the strength of a traditional bank with an innovative user experience. 

BBVA was looking for a partner to support the localization of the brand in
Italy, who had user experience writing skills, but also linguistic and wide-
ranging communication skills. Through our UX Writing skills we supported BBVA in
the design and development of the textual content from the mobile to the desktop
app, from the tone of voice of the Customer Service to the different
communications of the app ecosystem.

BBVA

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

UX Writing and content strategy for the new voice of BBVA Italia

Localize the identity, tone, personality, and textual content of a global brand
for its launch onto the Italian market with an offering that combines the
advantages of traditional and digital banking.

Continuous UX Writing and content strategy support that started with a co-design
workshop around BBVA Italia's tone of voice and style.

In addition to continuous UX Writing and content support, we created a brand
manual and glossary that guided the content strategy throughout the project.

To enter and position itself in the new market, BBVA needed to effectively
communicate its model, which combines the advantages of a traditional bank with
an innovative offering specifically tailored for the Italian market. To achieve
this goal, in co-design with the core team, we identified the archetype and the
tone of voice that would best identify the personality of BBVA Italia: an
authoritative guide, close to people in the small things of everyday life. We
translated the results of the workshop into a brand manual of style, tone, and
language, focused on the contents of the app ecosystem, social media, and
Customer Service.  Backing up the development of all the functionalities of the
mobile and desktop apps, we provided 360-degree UX Writing support, localizing
and creating all of the project’s microcopy and communication messages. Working
in an agile context, in close contact with different teams – from design to
marketing, from development to contact center – we produced all the text content
and built an ad hoc glossary that would ensure consistency across the entire
user experience. Our impact didn't just affect the digital touchpoints; it
extended throughout the user journey, touching the telephone- and messaging-
based Customer Service environments as well. We supported BBVA in Customer
Service training with a focus on the implementation of the tone of voice and the
stylistic approach across customer interaction occasions.

BBVA

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Financial Services • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
