VALUE MAKERS, A PORTABLE ESCAPE ROOM TO EXPERIENCE CORPORATE VALUES

------------------------------------------------------------

Value Makers, a portable escape room to experience corporate values

The executives of a leader in the industry of small appliance manufactory have
defined a new set of values, mission, and vision for the company.

After ideating an internal communication campaign to spread these messages
globally, they turned to step 2: Value Makers.

The concept was a portable escape room, shaped like a suitcase, to experience
values all around the world through practical and unconventional activity. After
the game, a workshop helped people to understand this new DNA kit.

CASE STUDY

2

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------

Value Makers, a portable escape room to experience corporate values

How do we bring values from posters to daily life? A game seemed to be the right
answer to design an unconventional and engaging solution. The debrief helped
employees to reflect on their behaviors.

A portable escape room based on a spy story concept. Each enigma contained in
the suitcase was connected to one of the values. A 3h workshop to discuss the
values and behaviors related to them.

We found a new way to bring these values into action by exploiting the power of
gaming. Participants had the chance to really experience behaviors connected to
the new culture and reflect on them.

While for many companies the work on values stops at the communication level,
our client has been looking for a way to promote identification and work through
behaviors.

We designed a game as the winning formula to foster participation. Through an
unconventional process, we encourage people to reflect on their strengths and
areas of improvement.

The suitcase belonged to one of the first designers of the company who is a
member of "The Secret Society of Makers." It contained three small boxes in
which they could find puzzle elements. Players interacted with the props and a
digital user interface. The purpose was to complete the challenge by using
genius and teamwork. 

This game was the first part of a 4-hour workshop (for groups of up to 12
people) to experience global values.

Our partner for the concept and game design was Logic Locks, an Amsterdam start-
up. The design of the workshop and the 'train the trainer' sessions for the
company's internal facilitators were conducted by Peoplerise.

More than 100 people have been trained in Italy and Hong Kong to be game
facilitators during workshops dedicated to the values. During 2019, more than
3,000 white collars were involved in this experience.

CASE STUDY

3

Organization and culture • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2019

------------------------------------------------------------
