VIRTUAL PRODUCT EXPERIENCE

------------------------------------------------------------

Virtual Product Experience

In fashion retail, the range of products available in store is naturally limited
to the available floorspace. To fill the gap between physically available
products and the entire catalog, consumers are just provided with material
samples. In other words, they have to make a huge imaginative effort to
visualise and interpret products on their own. Instead, having realistic,
interactive visualisations of the entire product range offers a far better
experience - and conversion chance.

This was the starting point for developing a virtual experience for retail
stores, where the customer has a real-time 3D preview of a garment of his/her
choice.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

Virtual Product Experience

Our client wanted to understand the potential benefits of having a 3D product
pipeline, in the context of creating customer-facing 3D experiences for retail.

An interactive digital catalogue for retail customers with selected flagship
products. Possible interactions include selecting a specific item, customizing
materials and manipulating it intuitively.

An in-store experience, with 8 products and over 5 material variants each,
installed on a 56' touchscreen and launched in a flagship store of the company.

The transition from physical samples to digital content  can be summarized in 4
steps:

1)Scanning the Physical Sample: carefully shooting material samples through a
bespoke scanning setup to ensure the highest fidelity and detail;

2) Image Processing into Texture: tools like Substance Designer help us
processing and quickly iterating;

3) Material Look Dev: the digital material (or shader) is composed by a set of
images/textures. This phase requires manual edits within shaders to tackle
imperfections and achieving the desired level of realism to the physical
sample; 

4) Achieving the Final Look: importing digitised materials into the Rendering
Engine. Unreal Engine 4 was used for the realtime preview of the garments and
for making real-time interactions possibile.

With these steps in mind, every garment and the related materials were digitally
recreated in a 3D interactive catalogue, delivered to the client and installed
in a flagship location on a 56' touchscreen.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Fashion and Apparel • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
