VOICE: A CONVERSATIONAL ASSISTANT AS A CREATIVE WRITING PARTNER AND BRAND EXPERT

------------------------------------------------------------

Voice: A Conversational Assistant as a Creative Writing Partner and Brand Expert

For a leading luxury company, we created Voice, a GenAI solution that
streamlines and unifies internal communication. Voice helps editorial teams
produce content aligned with the brand's Tone of Voice, optimizing both time and
costs.

In just three months, an agile and multidisciplinary team developed an MVP
focused on Instagram content. Successfully presented at Vivatech 2025, Voice
captured the attention of numerous brands.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------

Voice: A Conversational Assistant as a Creative Writing Partner and Brand Expert

Developing an automated solution to ensure the production of high-quality,
brand-consistent content across diverse channels and markets.

We designed Voice, a GenAI-powered system for automated content validation and
creation, ensuring brand tone of voice consistency.

The project was presented at Vivatech 2025 in Paris, attracting the attention of
numerous brands. The MVP has been adopted by the internal Social Media Team.

Starting from the need to standardize content with the brand's voice, we created
Voice, a conversational GenAI tool that supports content creators in reviewing
and generating new content. This ensures consistent communication while
optimizing production time and costs.

The project was executed in an agile manner, with a multidisciplinary team
working closely with the client. This team combined expertise in digital product
design, content design, and technical skills. This approach allowed us to build
upon the foundation of a previously developed PoC to create a scalable product
focused on validating and generating Instagram posts. By designing over 100 Tone
of Voice (ToV) rules and producing an extensive brand knowledge base, we built
an effective system capable of highlighting the rules and sources used to
produce content. Voice leverages on multiple LLMs and an agentic approach to
deliver the best possible performance and support future enhancements.

Successfully presented at Vivatech 2025, Voice garnered strong interest from
many brands, who recognized the innovation and potential of a solution that
blends artificial intelligence and creativity.

The platform is continuously evolving, with a roadmap aimed at expanding the
tool to different markets, business functions, and other brands within the
group.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2025

------------------------------------------------------------
