VOICEMATH: ACCESSIBILITY TO SCIENTIFIC STUDIES, IN PRESENCE AND REMOTELY

------------------------------------------------------------

VoiceMath: accessibility to scientific studies, in presence and remotely

Despite the high degree of development of assistive and compensatory
technologies, the management of scientific content remains an open problem. The
goal of the VoiceMath project, in collaboration with the Polin laboratory of the
University of Turin and funded by the CRT Foundation and the University of
Turin, is to reduce the barriers that people with motor, hearing, visual
impairments and with DSA encounter in scientific studies.

To achieve this goal we have implemented a Web App based on Machine Learning, in
particular Speech-to-Text and Computer Vision.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

VoiceMath: accessibility to scientific studies, in presence and remotely

A system that, through the latest voice and image recognition techniques,
facilitates access to scientific content for people with disabilities and
learning disorders.

A software for transcribing university lecture recordings with mathematical
formulas into text + LaTeX, useful for people with motor and hearing
disabilities and with DSA.

A positive qualitative analysis has been done on the STT and Computer Vision
modules. The VoiceMath project has been presented at the Milano Digital Week and
then shown at the GARR 2021 Conference.

The Polin Laboratory is part of the Department of Mathematics "G.Peano" of the
University of Turin and operates in the field of research and experimentation of
new assistive technologies for the study of STEM (Science, Technology,
Engineering and Mathematics).

In order to allow the full fruition of the lessons of scientific disciplines to
people with hearing, visual and DSA disabilities, we have created a system that,
starting from the video recordings of the lessons and presentations containing
mathematical expressions, automatically generates a document fully accessible by
browsers with assistive technologies. Starting from a video recording of a
Mathematics lesson, and corresponding images of the text handwritten by the
teacher, we dealt with the implementation of two components: an STT module for
transcribing the teacher's voice into textual form, and an image processing
module, for converting images of formulas into LaTeX format. The Web App allows
to upload the data and then start and review automatic transcripts.

With the spread of Covid-19, distance learning can be predominant and lecture
recording is a major player. Therefore, it is more necessary than ever to work
to ensure that this content is usable without barriers by students with
disabilities and DSA.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Education, Publishing • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
