WALLYBEACON, AN IDEAS GENERATION PROGRAM TO CELEBRATE THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF
WALLY

WALLY | GRUPPO FERRETTI

------------------------------------------------------------

wallybeacon, an ideas generation program to celebrate the 30th anniversary of
Wally

Wally asked for our support to celebrate the brand's 30th anniversary by
engaging a new, young target audience. We launched wallybeacon, a challenge
aimed at international university students, who were tasked with working in
teams to identify innovative solutions across three areas unrelated to the
nautical world. We selected the best candidate ideas and, through a Mentorship
Program, guided the teams in transforming them into concrete projects. Finally,
we organized a 2-day event at the H-FARM Campus, with speeches and celebrations,
during which the teams presented their projects and Wally awarded the three most
innovative ideas.

WALLY | GRUPPO FERRETTI

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------

wallybeacon, an ideas generation program to celebrate the 30th anniversary of
Wally

Celebrating the anniversary of Wally by engaging a new, young target audience,
with the goal of generating new ideas for expanding the brand beyond yachts.

Identification of 3 areas of briefs

Ideas generation program in partnership with 6 international universities

Celebration event with special guests

62 students from 15 nations 

Partnership with 6 international universities

240 hours of mentorship

16 ideas developed 

100+ participants at the event

We designed wallybeacon, an ideas generation program that involved more than 60
international university students and culminated in a 2-day final event that was
completely different from those typically organized by the brand. In the first
phase, we helped Wally define 3 briefs to identify innovative products and
services, outside the nautical sector, that the brand could realistically
develop: Personal Goods, Innovative Living, and Smart Services & Experiences.
Next, we formed partnerships with 6 international universities — Bocconi,
University of Munich and Monaco, Poli.Design, H-FARM College, Arsutoria, and IED
— and launched a challenge inviting students to work in teams to find innovative
solutions within the presented briefs. The submitted ideas exceeded 20,
surpassing the potential 80 participants, and we selected the 16 best ideas,
providing a structured mentorship program with multiple sessions to help the
teams transform their ideas into concrete projects. In the second phase, we
organized the final event at the H-FARM Campus. On the first day, students
attended speeches by Luca Bassani, Founder & Chief Designer of Wally, Matteo
Battiston, CDO of EssilorLuxottica, and Alessia Zecchini, world champion in
apnea. On the second day, the teams presented their projects to the jury, which
awarded the 3 best ideas, which will be developed by Wally.

WALLY | GRUPPO FERRETTI

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2024

------------------------------------------------------------
