WHATSAPP VIRTUAL AGENT FOR AFFILIATES ASSISTANCE

------------------------------------------------------------

WhatsApp virtual agent for affiliates assistance

A representative and service association in the agricultural industry needs to
improve communication with its affiliates, which are distinct between producers,
growers, and employees.

We proposed an integrated solution on WhatsApp with a chatbot that would respond
conversationally to affiliate inquiries. The knowledge base, which consists of
the topics known by the virtual assistant, corresponds to about 50 FAQs with 600
affiliates involved in the program.

CASE STUDY

2

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------

WhatsApp virtual agent for affiliates assistance

In addition to 24/7 management of affiliates' requests, the client needs to
deliver push messages containing text, links, and images related to general
communications and alerts.

We proposed an integrated solution on WhatsApp (with a dedicated phone number)
to answer conversational questions about the services offered by the
representative association.

The conversational assistant provided assistance to users in the various area
offices that did not always provide frequent opening hours during the pandemic.

In order to win or affirm their position in the market and to provide the best
possible support, associations must equip themselves with direct and immediate
methods of contact with affiliates.

The chatbot presented is integrated on WhatsApp (with a dedicated phone number)
and has a Knowledge Base (the database for the management of information known
by the virtual assistant) structured around the needs of the client in relation
to the affiliate.

The topics covered range from insurance consulting to health and food safety, to
welfare and available training courses. In addition to general answers, push
messages and images containing information and alerts can also be sent to
affiliates.

The solution is delivered along with its back-office so that the association's
internal team can monitor the questions, edit the answers themselves and send
the push messages.

The solution demonstrates the association's innovation journey as it invests in
improving and simplifying access to its services.

CASE STUDY

3

Transformative innovation • Consumer Goods, Food & Beverage • 2020

------------------------------------------------------------
