WORLDWIDE 3D OOH CELEBRATING 75 YEARS OF THE SERPENTI ICON

BULGARI

------------------------------------------------------------

Worldwide 3D OOH Celebrating 75 Years of the Serpenti Icon

In 2023, Bulgari entrusted us with designing and executing a 3D Out of Home
campaign to celebrate the 75 years of the Serpenti icon. A groundbreaking moment
in Bulgari's history, Serpenti products came to life in mesmerizing anamorphic
videos showcased in Dubai, Tokyo, Chengdou, Riyadh, and Beijing. For this
project, we developed a comprehensive concept that was subsequently tailored to
different locations and countries. We maintained an ongoing dialogue with the
global ADV advertising campaign, featuring Zendaya and Hikari Mori as Bulgari
ambassadors at the time.

BULGARI

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------

Worldwide 3D OOH Celebrating 75 Years of the Serpenti Icon

Create a concept for a 3D OOH that could be easily replicated in a short time
across different locations, considering the censorship and approval timelines
required in some countries

Adaptable concept, addressing diverse cultural needs, conveying the universality
of the symbol, and bringing Serpenti products to life in a sinuous dance for the
first time.

We had prominent presence on high-rotation screens in Dubai, Tokyo, Chengdou,
Riyadh, and Beijing from September 2023 to July 2024 at different stages, 1
month per location.

The first phase involved selecting, together with Bulgari, featured products for
the campaigns. We chose iconic creations expressing the Serpenti heritage, high
jewelry mastery, and cutting-edge attitude. Within the allotted 15 seconds, we
created a mini-narrative around the three protagonists.The materials included in
the campaign, such as the travertine, the anniversary seal, and precious stones,
were meticulously reproduced to achieve a dreamlike yet impactful effect. In the
final realization, each product appears exceptionally vibrant, in a constant
sinuous dance; only for a moment does it assume its ideal pose before continuing
and vanishing into the envisioned archive. We needed to make sure that product
movements and poses would always be pleasant and sinuous.The 3D sketching phase
followed a streamlined approach, using fast previewing engines to proceed with
keyframe phase in more responsive way - resulting in a more engaging creative
process for the client. The result? A 15-second, ultra-photorealistic,
anamorphic 3D animation, in which the products ‘break the screen’, creating the
effect of jumping out of buildings and floating around, generating sudden
moments of wonder in the general public and passerbys.

BULGARI

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Luxury, Beauty, Travel & Hospitality • 2023

------------------------------------------------------------
