ZUCCHERO AMARO: HOW ITALIANS VIEW DIABETES

NOVO NORDISK

------------------------------------------------------------

Zucchero Amaro: how Italians view diabetes

Novo Nordisk, a multinational pharmaceutical company, asked us to create an
awareness campaign on the issue of type 2 diabetes. 

We conducted 90 interviews to investigate how Italians view diabetes and mapped
what people know about the disease, its symptoms, causes and ways to prevent,
with the aim of spreading awareness on the subject.

The contents of the communication campaign were distributed across an ad hoc
website, an influencer marketing initiative and Novo Nordisk's social channels.

NOVO NORDISK

CASE STUDY

2

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------

Zucchero Amaro: how Italians view diabetes

Raise awareness on type 2 diabetes, a chronic disease that accounts for about
90% of the world's diabetes cases, in a new and engaging way.

A project to document Italians' knowledge about diabetes, debunk false myths
about the disease and promote the spread of information for a correct lifestyle.

Zucchero Amaro: a 8-episode video series on how Italians view diabetes,
distributed online (social and website), and supported by an influencer
marketing campaign.

In response to Novo Nordisk's need to raise awareness on the issue of type 2
diabetes, we created a communication campaign titled Zucchero Amaro and a
website to collect its various contents.

First of all, we created a 8-episode video series to witness how Italians viewf
diabetes. The episodes collect a selection of contributions from 90 interviews
that we conducted in 7 cities (Milan, Rome, Bolzano, Venice, Florence, Bari and
Catania), and each deals with a specific issue. Inside the website we also
created a blog with 3 sections (Guide to Diabetes, Life with Diabetes, News and
Insights) to answer a series of questions about the disease with the involvement
of a scientific editorial staff (eg. provide the basics of diabetes or give
practical advice to solve everyday problems related to the disease). The project
also saw the involvement of The Jackal, a famous collective of Italian content
creators with more than 1 million Instagram followers and over 850,000 YouTube
followers. The influencer marketing campaign allowed to tell some bad habits
related to the risk of type 2 diabetes in an ironic way and consisted of 6
Instagram Stories published on the day of the campaign launch. Finally, the
project included an advertising campaign on Novo Nordisk's social channels.

NOVO NORDISK

CASE STUDY

3

Brand experiences • Healthcare and Pharma • 2021

------------------------------------------------------------
